I think I heard a noise from Rachel's room. I should check it out.
Liz's room is empty. I wonder where they are.
Hmmmm... Doesn't look like Rachel is here. Maybe I should check the shower room.
I've already been to Rachel's room this evening.
I wonder whose room this is?
It looks like this must be Amy's room.
I wonder whose room this is?
It looks like this must be Priti's room.
I've already been to Mary's room this evening.
Hey, is someone out here?
{i}Shit. Better leave fast.{/i}
Huh. There's no one here. Must have been the wind.
The room is empty. I wonder where the occupant is?
Let's see whose room this is.
Oh, it's Rachel. Let's see what she's up to.
Let's see what Rachel is up to this evening.
It looks like she's playing video games. Those are some cute headphones.
It doesn't look like she's going to stop any time soon.
I hope she doesn't stay up too late or she'll be tired in class tomorrow. Anyway, I should move on.
She's playing video games again?!
She better not stay up too late again. Anyway, I should move on.
It looks like Liz has Emily and Harriet visiting again. I wonder what they are gossiping about this time.
Did you hear that Priti got called to the headmaster's office?
What, no way?! Little miss goody two shoes?
Ooooh, do you think she got spanked?
I don't think so. She came back smiling and seemed happy about something.
She just said the headmaster wanted her help.
Really? What could he need a student's help with and why did he pick Priti over all the other girls?
I have no idea.
Maybe they're sleeping together.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
Haha! No I'm only joking. Could you imagine?! Priti would never do anything like that.
Wow, these girls really love to gossip.
So did you hear that there was some kind of weird explosion in Miss Chang's chemistry class?
Hear about it?! I was there!
Really?! What happened?
Well it wasn't an explosion for starters.
Someone knocked over a bottle on Miss Chang's desk and this black smoke starting coming out of it.
Then about 30 seconds later everyone's clothes just started dissolving!
What?! Seriously?!
Yeah, good thing I have a spare uniform.
What happened then?
Everyone started panicking and screaming and running out of the room.
Then the headmaster turned up!
The headmaster saw you all with no clothes on?
Pretty much, although we were all moving quite fast so I don't think he could have seen very much.
Oh my god that is so embarrassing.
Totally. I heard from the twins that they saw Miss Chang walking stark naked across campus to get back to her apartment.
LOL.
So what the hell was in that bottle on Miss Chang's desk?