A new item is available for purchase in the online store.
Donna seems like an interesting girl. She's been rude to me when we've met but she seems caring when I've seen her with the other girls.
Coming from a wealthy family she's probably not used to anyone having authority over her.
We really need to do something about our situation. If they did this to Rachel it could happen to any of us.
Us girls need to stick together. Maybe if we complain enough we can get the headmaster to change the rules.
I hope so. Anyway let's let Rachel get some sleep. Come on.
Looks like Rachel has fallen asleep and the other girls have left. I should move on.
Oh it looks like the shower room is busy tonight. Let's get this window open and make sure the girls are behaving themselves.
Mmmm... What a pleasant view.
I don't think I know the names of a lot of those girls. I recognise a few of them.
I think that's Faye, second from the left.
Hopefully I'll get the chance to speak to them and meet some of the other girls at this school soon.
Anyway, the girls don't seem to be behaving badly. I should move on.
There's a girl on her own in the shower room, she could be up to no good. I better get this window open to see what she's up to.
It's Rachel. She looks nervous.
It looks like she's trying to make sure none of the other girls are around.
Is she scared to undress, I wonder? She must be very self conscious about her body.
She is a little underdeveloped for her age so that could be the reason.
It looks like she's getting ready to drop her towel.
Hello Rachel.
Debbie?!
Don't stop on my account. You go ahead and take your shower.
Oh no, actually I don't think I need a shower after all. I was just leaving.
Oh don't leave just because I'm here.
No really...
What's the matter Rachel. Are you afraid?
No I'm not!
Don't lie. I've seen you sneaking off to the shower and checking that no one else is around.
What's the matter? Afraid of anyone seeing your tiny boobs?
What, no! I err...
It's OK Rachel. It's just us girls here. You don't have to be so shy.
Look.
Oh, um. Debbie. I think I should go.
Why? Two girls can't just hang out naked together in the showers?
It's a perfectly natural thing to do.
Here why don't you drop your towel as well? Let me see what you're hiding under there.
Leave her alone Debbie.
Donna. What the hell do you want?
I want you to leave Rachel alone.
She clearly isn't comfortable with nudity and she clearly doesn't like showering in front of other people.
You should respect that instead of, well, whatever it is your doing.
What I'm doing is just trying to help her come out of her shell.
I just want to help her be more comfortable with her body.
Somehow I doubt you've got such good intentions.
Just go Debbie. Let Rachel shower on her own.
What makes you think you can tell me what to do?
I don't remember anyone putting you in charge Donna.
Someone has to stand up to the bullies of this school.
Bully, me? Ha! Whatever, I don't care. I'll leave the little runt alone. For now.
Be seeing you Rachel.