Yeah, they do feel pretty heavy sometimes. I'll probably have a bad back when I get older.
Really? Can I feel how heavy they are?
Sure, I'd have to take my bra off or you won't be able to tell how heavy they are. I wear an underwire for support.
Oh wow. Can I really feel them?
Sure.
Oh, they feel nice. 
They're so amazing.
They feel so much different from my small boobs.
I want to compare.
Mine are firmer but way, way smaller.
I bet you have the biggest boobs in school Harriet.
No way! The nurse's are way bigger.
I mean out of the students though?
Alice's are still bigger than mine.
Yeah, I suppose they are pretty huge.
How about you Liz, what size are your boobs?
I'm a B cup. I like my boobs though. I wouldn't change them. They're not too big and not too small.
Wow, so lucky.
Anyway, I'm going to put my bra back on. Feels a bit weird sitting here topless.
Holy crap... Harriet has some impressive breasts.
I really liked Emily's small ones too.
I think I need to head home and relieve myself...
Say Liz, have you found any new white underwear yet?
No. There's like, no shops around here. Plus I don't have a credit card so I can't even order any online.
I'm sorry we don't have any in your size. There must be someone you can borrow some from?
I asked around a few people but no one has any spares.
After that explosion in Miss Chang's science class melted loads of people's clothes, underwear seems to be in very limited supply.
It's so ridiculous that they care so much what colour underwear we have on under our uniforms.
I know right. I mean there was only the tiniest bit of blue and the headmaster said I couldn't wear them.
So have you just been walking around campus with no knickers on?
Yeah.
What's it like?
Um, it's a little bit exciting actually. Especially since the headmaster could tell me to lift my skirt up at any time.
Hehe, you're so naughty!
I suspected as much. Liz secretly gets a kick out of not wearing any underwear.
Maybe I can push things a bit further with her next time I inspect her underwear.
So what did you think about last episode of Celebrity Love Archipelago?
Oh my god, that was so good.
Fuck, they've started talking about reality TV again. Time to move on.
Should I keep listening or move on?
I've already visited the shower room this evening.
Let's see who's room this is.
It looks like Rachel's room. I wonder how she's feeling after her spanking today.
I wonder how Rachel is doing after her spanking today. Let's see if I can get a look through her window.
Hopefully she's studying and not playing computer games.
Hmmm... looks like she's just reading.
Knock knock
Come in.
Hey Donna, hey Maxine.
We heard you got sent to the headmaster's office and we wanted to make sure you're OK. Can we come in?