I don't know. Maybe she's some sort of super scientist working for the military.
Maybe it was some kind of secret weapon?
Don't be ridiculous! Why would a super scientist be teaching at our school?
And why would she have a secret weapon sat on her desk?
Plus what would be the point of a weapon that only dissolves clothes?
I guess you're right. It was pretty damn weird though.
It seems that the girls suspect that there is something unusual about the science teacher.
Little do they know how right they are.
So did you hear what happened to Cassandra?
No.
She was rude to the headmaster in our history lesson and she got spanked by Miss Newman in front of the whole class.
No way, that's crazy!
It is crazy. She did kind of deserve it though.
She had to bend over at the front of the class in a tiny skirt and she was wearing a tiny thong.
How embarrassing!
I know we shouldn't have done but we all laughed.
Cassandra is such a bitch, it was good to see her humiliated a little.
Yeah, it's funny now watching Cassandra being brought down a peg but what about when it happens to one of us.
Plus, if they can get away with spanking us in public, what's to stop them from doing something even worse?
Like what?
I don't know. If you ask me the headmaster seems like a total sadist. Things could get much worse.
A sadist?! Gosh, that sounds really scary.
Um, what's a sadist?
It means he gets off on causing pain and humiliation.
Really?! Why would they put someone like that in charge of a school full of teenage girls?!
Good question.
Gosh, we really need to be careful at this school.
So the girls believe me to be a sadist. Good. If they think that then they will be less likely to disobey me.
Am I really a sadist though? I enjoy my work but that's only because I'm helping the girls. Isn't it?
Have you guys met Anna, the new lab technician?
Yes, she's lovely. She's super smart and helped us with our homework after lessons.
It's good to have at least someone trying to teach us science.
Yeah, Miss Chang seems like she really hates teaching.
I know, it's like she doesn't want to be here at all.
She talks so fast and expects us to know things we've never heard about.
She spent ten minutes talking about particle physics before she realised none of us understood a word she was saying.
It was a good thing Anna stuck around after the lesson to explain everything to us.
I hope she stays here for the whole term.
It's good to hear that Anna has been helping the girls out around the school.
Hopefully she will be worth the money.
What do you think of the new dance teacher Miss Star?
I like her. Her accent is really sexy.
I like her too. She's a great dancer and she has an amazing body.
I wish I had big boobs like hers.
Mine are so small. I barely have any cleavage.
Even when I push them together. See.
Big boobs aren't everything Emily.
That's easy for you to say Harriet. Your boobs are amazing! What size are they?
Mine are D cups.
Wow. Mine are only A cups. Are they heavy?