Hmmmm...
There is one thing we could do.
What?!
Well you studied for Mr Wilson's test right?
Yeah.
And I studied for Mr [surname]'s test.
Aw Louise. You can't be thinking...
Come on Mary. We used to do it all the time.
That was when were kids! We're adults now. We look too different.
Lets go stand by the mirror.
If we push your hair down a little bit like this...
Then we just cut my hair a little bit and poof it up.
Seriously Louise we could get in so much trouble.
Of course you'll need to suck in your tummy a little bit.
No way! My tummy is just as flat as yours.
No. You're heavier than me, remember? We got weighed by the nurse when we came here.
By half a pound! Plus I'd had a big lunch that day.
Uh huh, and that's why you're getting so big.
You'll also need to push your chest out a bit too.
Maybe we can get away with just stuffing your bra a little bit.
What the hell are you talking about?! Our boobs are the same size.
Nothing we can do about that big bum of yours but hopefully nobody will notice the difference.
I have a great bum!
Of course you do.
It's almost as nice as mine.
Hey!
You know what, I think we can pull it off.
It's too risky!
You said yourself, we don't know what will happen if you fail.
What if we get caught?!
If you fail Mr [surname]'s quiz you'll be spanked for sure.
That's true.
Come on. It's just for an hour. No one will notice.
OK fine. I don't know how you always talk me into these things.
Great! Let's go to my room and you can do my hair.
Louise and Mary are planning to switch places for a test!
Those two are a real pair of tricksters!
Louise definitely seems to be the main instigator of their bad behaviour.
However, Mary is equally culpable for going along with Louise's schemes.
I think I'll need to teach these two an important lesson.
For now though, let's move on.
The twins are just chatting about football. I'll leave them to it.
I've already been to Amy's room this evening.
Amy's not here. I should check the shower room.
Amy's not here.
Let's see what Amy is up to this evening.
It looks like Amy is doing her working out. Does that girl ever stop exercising?
I've already been to Priti's room this evening.
Let's see what Priti is up to this evening.
It looks like she is doing her homework. Such a good girl.