No, Amy we've got a little bit more edging to do first.
Oooooooh!
Another ten minutes later.
Ahhhh! I can't take it any more!
OK, Amy, it's time. I'm going to let you experience a vaginal orgasm.
Oh God! Oh sir!
Yes!
Sir!
OK, now before you can even recover from that it's time to give you a clitoral orgasm.
Oh fuck! Again?! Oh my god!
You see, Amy, unlike most males, females are capable of experiencing multiple orgasms in a row.
These orgasms often build in intensity, each new wave of pleasure being stronger than the last.
Normally, you would need a few moments to recover after an orgasm, as the clitoris in particular can become very tender immediately after climax.
Oh God, it's happening again!
However, by alternating between providing clitoral and vaginal stimulus we can start to make both types of orgasms happen one after the other.
If we make them happen quickly enough it can feel like one big orgasm that just seems to go on and on.
This process is known as multiple edging orgasms and the feeling can be very intense.
Ahhhhhh!
Don't worry if you're not taking in all this information. I'll be happy to explain it again when you're able to concentrate a little better.
I'm going to switch to using my tongue now, Amy.
Oh, Mr [surname]. Fuck yes!
Twenty minutes later...
*Panting*
Holy fuck, Mr [surname]. That was intense.
There, Amy, wasn't that better than a quick rub over your panties?
Yes. I didn't know I could cum like that.
How many times do you think you came?
I have no idea. I couldn't count.
Good. Good.
Where did you learn to do that?
In a book initially and then through practice.
Wow.
So do you feel satisfied now?
Errr... Yeah, I guess so.
Good, hopefully that will keep you satisfied for a while and you'll be able to concentrate on your studies.
You know if you were my training subject you could experience orgasms like this regularly.
Really?
Oh yes, most certainly.
Wow. I guess I'll think about it.
Good girl. Alright let's get you untied.
OK, Amy, you can get dressed and go now.
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
Hopefully that should keep Amy satisfied for a while. If she stops trying to get so much pleasure outside of my office then my punishments should start to become more effective.
It should also be easier now to convince her to become my practice subject now that she knows how much enjoyment she could get out of it.
I'd better spy on Amy's room again this evening to see how she reacted to today's session.
I need a way to control Amy's sex drive so that she is only getting pleasure from me.
I should purchase some chastity underwear online.
Amy is not ready for this yet.
Listen, Amy, I want to help you. I want you to pass your exams so you can leave this school and go on to become a successful athlete.
However, I can not do that if you won't listen to me or follow my instructions.