Amy is not ready for this yet.
Sir, please. I've waited long enough. I need to orgasm.
In a moment, girl. First, I want to ask you if you've reconsidered my offer from before?
To be your training dummy? To let the staff and some of the students use me to practice spanking and groping?
Yes, that offer.
I can't, sir. I... I don't want everyone to call me a slut.
Amy is still holding out. I thought I would have done enough by now to convince her to work for me.
She is surprisingly strong-willed. It seems she needs even more pain, pleasure and humiliation.
I've been holding onto a trump card though and it's finally time to use it.
Well, there is one part of your punishment left to deal with. I think this will help change your mind.
More punishment?
As you know my punishments contain both pleasure and pain. It's time for your orgasm young lady.
Finally!
I'm going to remove your restraints. You can take off your remaining clothes if you wish.
Sure. If I think you're about to do what I think you're about to do.
So I'm naked now. What are you going to do to me?
Bend over my desk.
Are you going to fuck me, Mr [surname]?
I want you to, sir, but I'm not on birth control. I can't get pregnant. It'll disrupt my training.
Quiet, Amy. Your punishment isn't over yet. You'll speak when spoken to, understand?
Now bend over my desk.
Yes, sir.
The girl is practically begging me to fuck her and I shall. However, I won't squander this opportunity to change her behaviour.
You are under the misapprehension, Amy, that I have kept you here to have some fun.
However, your punishment is not over yet and punishments are not meant to be fun.
There is something I need to show you. Something I've been holding on to for a little while now.
If it's your massive dick, I've already seen it, sir.
No, not that.
I want you to look at...
This.
What the fuck!
Recognise it?
Where did you get this?! I thought it got pulled from the shelves.
It was tough to track down and it cost me a lot of money but I found it eventually.
Why?!
Don't worry, I haven't shown this to anyone and nor shall I. In fact, if you want you can take this away with you when I'm done.
Why are you showing me this?!
I simply want you to tell me how this magazine makes you feel?
Err... Well, a little embarrassed.
Just a little embarrassed? Be honest with me Amy. Tell me how you really feel about it?
I...
Tell me how it felt to demean yourself for these people for money?
Tell me how it felt when the athletics board found out and kicked you off the squad?
Why are you making me think about that?!
Tell me how you felt, Amy, when you had to tell your friends and family what had happened?
Tell me how it felt to fail your exams and end up here at this school?
I felt worthless and ashamed.
I... I felt utterly humiliated.
I know, Amy, and you still feel that way don't you?
Yes, sir! All the time. I'm such a fucking loser.