No you are not, Amy, and don't worry. I'm going to help you with those feelings and make you feel better about yourself.
Then why are you doing this?!
It may seem harsh but please know I'm not showing you this now to be mean.
You may not understand my reasons right now but you have to trust me that this is for your own good.
I simply need you to remember that feeling of humiliation.
I want it fresh in your mind when I do what I'm going to do to you next.
Keep looking at the magazine, Amy.
Wait, what are you doing now? I... I can't get pregnant, remember?
Don't worry. I won't get you pregnant.
Tell me, have you ever been fucked up the arse, girl?
What?! No, sir!
Hmmmm... That will make this difficult. Normally, I would wait a lot longer in a student's training before I used such a harsh punishment.
However, I think a girl with your high tolerance for pain should be able to take it.
I will apply plenty of lubricant and I'll try to go in gently but this is still going to hurt a lot.
As you grow accustomed to my size it should hopefully also start to feel pleasurable as well.
You're seriously going to stick your massive cock up my bum?!
Yes, Amy. You asked to be fucked and I will oblige. Just not in the way you were expecting.
Oh shit.
Now a punishment like this I would never do to a girl without express permission.
Do you consent to be fucked anally as the final part of your punishment today?
Um... I guess...
I'll need a more clear permission than that, Amy. What are you consenting to?
To be fucked up the arse, sir!
Good girl, Amy. That will do.
OK. Let's get plenty of lube on there and let's try to squeeze it in.
Ooooff.
Oooh that's very tight.
Grrrrrrrr!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
It's about a third of the way in now.
What only a third, seriously?!
Ahhhhhh!
That's about half.
I don't think I can take any more than that, sir!
Yes you can, Amy. Only a little more to go now.
OK, Amy, I'm going to push it the rest of the way in now.
Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!
Ahhhhh! You're so fucking big.
There we are, Amy. It's in.
It hurts so much.
But it feels so good too.
Oh yes!
Oh, sir...
Keep looking at that magazine. Keep thinking back on your feelings of humiliation. I'm going to start fucking you properly now.
If this dose of pain, pleasure, and humiliation isn't enough to reach the girl then nothing will be.
Amy, I need you to listen to me.
Ahhhh! Fuck!
I know it hurts but I need you to focus on my voice.
Ah God... Yes, sir...
You enjoy sex don't you, Amy?