Have you ever noticed that all the girls at this school are super hot?
I mean, if I'm forced to be a lesbian then at least I have good options.
No one is forcing you to be a lesbian, Amy.
Well, it's like prison isn't it? You keep loads of straight women in a same-sex environment for long enough and eventually, they all end up fucking each other.
It's human nature. We're sexual creatures.
You've only been at the school for a few months, Amy.
Yeah and I started making out with other girls after the first week.
I guess some people turn gay quicker than others.
Have you been engaging in a lot of sexual activities with the other students?
Um, a bit. Not as much as I would like.
What exactly have you been getting up?
Oh, you know, the usual stuff.
And what would that be?
That's a bit too personal, sir.
I know but remember I'm only asking because I want to help you.
You're not like the other girls, Amy. I'm going to need to adapt your punishments to take into account the activities you've been getting up to in your own time.
I appreciate you trying to come up with special punishments just for me but I'm afraid I won't kiss and tell.
Hmmm... OK. That's fair enough. I think I've learnt enough about you for now anyway.
Amy has admitted to masturbating frequently and 'making out' with multiple other students.
I wonder if she has taken things any further than that?
I'll need to know exactly what she's getting up to and with whom.
If Amy won't open up to me about her sexual activities I'll have no choice but to spy on her some more.
I'll need to keep an eye on her bedroom and I'll need to look out for her when I'm patrolling the halls.
Amy is not ready for this yet.
I don't know enough about Amy yet to figure out how best to help her. I should investigate whether or not she is getting pleasure, pain and humiliation from other sources.
Complete the conditions in Amy's quest log to unlock this action.
Amy is not ready for this yet.
Giving Amy an orgasm didn't help improve her behaviour. I want to try stopping her from having them for a while instead.
I should make Amy put on the chastity underwear for one whole week and then I should punish her again.
This action will be made repeatable for a later release.
Please, sir, I need some relief now. Like you did before.
No.
Oh but sir, please?
Wait, let me finish, Amy. I will help you out but we'll need to do it properly this time.
Properly?
I can tell that you have a very high libido and it is distracting you from your studies.
Yes, sir.
I can give you a quick orgasm now by massaging your clitoris as I did before. However, I fear you will just be horny again in a few minutes and you will continue to be distracted.
Yeah, that is usually what happens.
If you are willing to be a little more patient I can give you a much more intense orgasm that will hopefully keep you satisfied for longer.
Then perhaps you can spend your evenings doing your homework instead of compulsively masturbating.
I don't do that... I mean... Not every evening.
Would you be interested?
Yes, sir, but I don't know if I can be patient. Please, I need it now.
It's always rush, rush, rush with you isn't, Amy? You really need to learn to slow things down.
None of the other girls are already begging me to masturbate them after their punishments.
Please, sir.
Some things shouldn't be hurried, young lady. It's a good thing you're tied up right now. That way I can take all the time I need.
Do you remember, Amy, that I asked you to help me train others in performing my punishment techniques?
Yes, sir.