OK, Miss Newman. That will be enough for now.
Oh Miss, you're really good at that.
Much better than my old boyfriend.
Err... Thanks.
I should probably go now, sir.
OK, Miss Newman. I will see you later.
I'll be off then, sir. Speak to you later.
So what now, sir?
Now, Amy, you will stand in the corner with your hands on your head and think on your bad behaviour.
OK.
How are you feeling, Amy?
That was a lot more painful without my knickers on, sir. My bum really hurts. I still feel really bad for hurting Faye as well.
As you should. I warned you many times about what would happen if you continued to use the school like your personal race track.
If this was a one-off I would forgive you. However, this accident was the result of repeated bad behaviour.
I know. I'm sorry, sir, I didn't listen.
Now go stand in the corner. I shall be binding your hands behind your back as before so you are not tempted to touch yourself.
Yes, sir.
But we'll need to tie your hands behind your back again. We can't have you touching yourself again.
Oh but sir, you know how worked up that gets me.
Don't worry, we can deal with your frustrations afterwards.
Oh, OK then.
OK, let's check the school's account. The school's owners have transferred me [earnings] credits.
I've also received a bonus of 50 credits from the school's owners for Amy's pictures.
Amy, what are you doing over there?
Oh errr... Nothing.
You were touching yourself.
No... I...
Yeah, I was. You caught me.
Keep your hands on your head please.
Yes, sir.
A minute later.
Mmmmm...
Amy!
Sorry, sir, I'm just so horny. After everything you and Miss Newman just did.
Keep your hands up above your head as ordered.
Um...
OK, Amy, clearly you have no self-control and I'm going to have to restrain you. Hands behind your back please.
Oh but sir, you know that turns me on. You're just going to make it worse.
You clearly need to learn some self-discipline when it comes to sex, Amy. I think making you spend some time unable to give yourself any gratification will do you some good.
Now try to stay still, you still have another twenty minutes of corner time left.
Yes, sir.
Two minutes later.
Oooooooh...
You OK, Amy?
This is torture, sir. Please let me touch myself?
Don't be so dramatic, Amy.
Please, Mr [surname]?
Corner time is for quiet reflection on your bad behaviour. Not another word from you or I'll be forced to gag you.
You spend the next 18 minutes doing paperwork.
OK, Amy, you can come stand back over here now.