Your willingness to be punished is noted Amy and will go a long way to making up for your bad behaviour.
As you know by now we do our punishments a little differently at this school and you will be given pleasure as well the pain.
I don't think I deserve any pleasure today though, sir.
Pleasure is important to counteract the negative aspects of the pain and make the punishment more effective.
After such a serious punishment we will be sure to give you an equally significant dose of pleasure.
Remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Yes, sir.
Take off your skirt young lady.
Yes, sir.
Not wearing any knickers today Amy?
Um, no Miss Newman.
I guess we'll have to spank you on your bare bottom then.
Remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Yes, sir.
Now Amy you are to remove your skirt.
My skirt too this time?
Well, I guess it does get in the way. Sure thing Mr [surname].
Amy, in accordance with the school's rules, please remove your cardigan, shoes and tie.
Yes, sir.
Now remove your skirt.
Remove your skirt Amy.
Yes, sir.
Not wearing any knickers today Amy?
Um, no Miss.
So I just wanted to say I've been really enjoying our sessions here with you guys.
I brought something along that I was hoping we could play with. Let me grab it from my bag.
Play with?! This is not a game Amy.
Your habit of being constantly late and running across campus at high speed is disruptive and potentially dangerous.
It may seem funny bumping into me in the corridor but one of these days you could run into someone smaller than yourself and you could really hurt them.
I'm trying to correct your behaviour but so far you've seemed completely resistant to our punishment techniques.
I'm sorry, sir. That is a bad habit of mine. But maybe what I brought will help?
What is it?
It's a riding crop.
You're bringing us a riding crop to spank you with?
Yeah, I got it a while back but I haven't convinced anyone to hit me with it yet. I thought maybe you two might like to give it a try?
Well this is a first. I've never had a student bring me an implement to punish them with before.
What should we do, sir? She clearly enjoys us spanking her and the pain doesn't seem to bother her.
Well, as the young lady has pointed out to us several times she has 'buns of steel'.
Perhaps we should turn our attention to more delicate areas. A few light flicks to the inner thighs with this riding crop might prove more effective.
Ooooh.
OK, sir. It's worth a try. What position should we put her for that? Should we bend her over the desk?
No, we won't have the best access to the target area. I think we'll need to have her lay down on her back on my desk.
And Amy since you are feeling so helpful at the moment I would like to ask a favour of you.
Sure.
Since you are such an expert in pain I was wondering if you would be willing to give us some feedback on your punishments.
What sort of feedback?
Well, we use a number of different methods to apply pain during these punishments sessions and there is no easy way for us to know which methods are best.
Someone who could remain clear headed and articulate what they are feeling whilst receiving pain would be extremely useful in helping perfect my disciplinary methods.
Well, I like being spanked and everything but I'm hardly an expert, sir.
That's OK Amy. You soon will be.