Well, as I explained pleasure and pain are equally important during a good punishment and I would need you to be an expert in both.
How can you give meaningful feedback if you are not familiar with how much pleasure the female body can experience?
How can you grade an orgasm from one to ten when you have only ever experienced a three or a four?
Errr... I don't know.
You can't, Amy. If you are going to be useful to me I need to know that you have the right experience.
You really think you can give me an orgasm that will be that intense?
I do.
OK then. What are you going to do with me?
Well, let me ask you this, are you familiar with the different types of female orgasm?
Um, not really.
How about the concept of edging?
No, sir.
Well, I shall show you.
First, I'm going to need to pull your knickers down though, Amy. Do you have any objections?
Um... No, sir.
Good girl.
Now let's get you into a better position. Come sit upon my desk please.
Yes, sir.
Now, normally for this to work I would put a woman into the most comfortable position possible.
However, you aren't like most women, Amy, and I believe this will work best with you restrained and feeling vulnerable.
Sir, please... If you just rubbed me like you did before I could cum right now.
I remember what happened after you were tickled in class. You came in less than thirty seconds then and I'm sure you're even more worked up this time.
Yes, sir, I am.
Well, I'm going to have to take things very slowly then.
Please, I need it now.
Patience girl, patience.
Now, as you are already warmed up we can skip some of the early steps in the process and move directly to vaginal stimulation.
I'm going to start by massaging your clitoris.
Mmmmm....
Oh God....
Hey wait, keep going! I was close.
I know, that's why I stopped.
Take a deep breath, relax, and I'll go again.
Mmmmm...
Oh gosh..
No, keep going! Why are you stopping like this?!
This process is called edging. By repeatedly bringing you close to climax and then stopping or slowing down, the pleasure builds and builds eventually produces a much more intense orgasm.
Oh but sir, I'm ready now! Make me cum, please.
Ha! Not yet, Amy, we are just getting started.
Ten minutes later.
Oh god, one more touch, sir, please it's all I need.
No.
What?!
Now I'm going to stimulate you in a slightly different way.
I'm going to insert my finger and stimulate your g-spot.
Oh my God!
You see, Amy, women can have several different types of orgasm. The two most common being clitoral and vaginal.
I'm now going to repeat the edging process again only this time preparing you for an intense vaginal orgasm.
Oh, sir... I...
Oooooohh... I'm ready, sir! Make me cum, please.