Mmmmmm... It feels really nice.
Oh God, I think I might...
Be careful not make Amy orgasm Miss Newman. A reward like that is reserved for girls who have shown good progress with their behaviour.
OK, sir, I'll be very slow and gentle.
Damn it, you guys are such teases!
OK Amy, for the next part of your punishment I'm going to gently rub your vagina.
Are you now?
Oh, sir!
Oh yes, touch me!
You can go a bit faster than that, sir!
No Amy, I'm going to go very slowly and gently. I won't be making you orgasm just yet.
Oh but, sir, please...
Patience girl, patience.
I don't want Amy to orgasm today until after her punishment. I have something else in mind for her.
OK Miss Newman. For the next action I want you to take, I need you to stand right up close behind Amy.
You do not have enough Action Points.
You do not have enough Action Points.
Miss Newman, I think that we shall look at a new way to give Amy some pleasure.
What did you have in mind, sir?
Well, with Amy's nipples exposed a highly sensitive area has become available for us to take advantage of.
Let's have closer examination of Amy's chest shall we?
Yes, sir.
Now, Amy's breasts and nipples are clearly very small indeed. However, this makes them no less of a suitable target.
In fact given their small size the nerve ending are likely to be much more concentrated.
Women with smaller breasts often have much more sensitive nipples.
I can believe that. My breasts have been big since my early teens and they've never been all that sensitive.
So Amy is in fact a perfect subject for us to practice on.
You see Amy, small breasts do have advantages.
So how should we do this?
Well, what's the most pleasurable way to be touched on your nipples?
Errr... Well, I guess like I it best from a tongue.
Indeed. The human tongue is ideally suited to such a task. It is soft, strong and extremely dexterous.
So we should lick her nipples?
Yes.
Lick my nipples?!
Quiet Amy, your teachers are talking.
Sounds like a plan, sir. So who goes first?
I know you have had sexual relationships with women before so I won't patronise you by telling you how to lick a girl's nipples.
Please just do what feels natural.
Sure, I know what I'm doing.
Hold still now Amy.
Eeeek!
Amy, put your arms back up over your head!
Miss please don't, they are too sensitive.
I know they are sweetheart. That is why we are doing this.
Arms back up now.
That's better.
Let's try this again, shall we?
Eeeek! No stop!
Hmmmm... Looks like we may have to restrain the girl.