Oh Mr [surname]... That feels funny.
I thinks she's starting to enjoy it a little, sir.
Yes, just the right amount of pressure can have a highly confusing effect on the student.
Miss Newman, I shall hold Amy back, please can you pinch the girls nipples?
Yes, sir.
Miss Newman, please restrain Amy so I can pinch her nipples.
Yes, sir.
Amy, you'll need to take that skirt off for the next part of the punishment.
Let's get Amy into position to try out this riding crop.
Good idea, sir.
OK Amy, I want you to lay down on your back on my desk and hold your legs up in the air.
Errr... OK.
This position is commonly referred to as the diaper position. Due to its similarity to the position you would put a baby in to change its nappy.
Diaper being the American word for nappy. Sure, that makes sense.
This is an excellent disciplinary position due to the feelings of embarrassment and vulnerability it causes in the student.
Their delicate genital region being completely unprotected and covered only by a thin layer of cotton.
True, Amy is pretty exposed like this.
Indeed, we can clearly make out the lips of the young lady's vagina.
How do you feel Amy?
It's pretty embarrassing holding my legs up like this with you talking about my vagina, sir.
Excellent.
Amy get in into the diaper position again.
Yes, sir.
So what should we do with her now Mr [surname]?
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Miss Newman, let's test out this crop that Amy has so kindly brought us.
Yes, sir. I'm a bit worried about hitting her in this position though, I wouldn't want to injure her.
Yes care will be needed. The skin of the inner thighs is far more delicate than that of the buttocks, so a light flick is all that is needed.
However, please be mindful that inflicting pain is not our primary objective here.
It's not?
The fear and anticipation of being hit in such a sensitive area is more important than the actual striking of the skin.
You see, the human brain is actually not very good at interpreting pain signals from the body and all pain is entirely subjective. 
The context in which the pain is received will have an enormous impact on how the mind interprets the stimulus.
If the student is in a vulnerable position and is being threatened with a scary implement to a sensitive area their brain will interpret any pain received as being far more intense than it actually is.
Yes, sir, that makes sense. It's like getting an injection. It hurts a lot more if you're worried about it beforehand.
Precisely. Once you understand this simple concept it is possible to put the principal to good use during a punishment.
Before we hit Amy with the crop let's try to amplify her anticipation by lightly running the crop along the inside of her leg.
Let her know where you are going to hit her.
OK.
Like this?
Yes, try giving a little tap as well.
Like this?
Oooooh.
Don't forget we are trying to create fear and anticipation in the student. So don't be afraid to tap the crop on the really sensitive areas.
You mean like...
here?
Ah!
Oh Miss...
Very well done Miss Newman! You are a fast learner indeed. OK, I think we are ready to begin now.
OK Miss Newman, I shall take that crop back now.