Um, should I start, sir?
Yes, please proceed Miss Newman.
Oooooo...
Err...
And again please Miss Newman.
Aaaaah...
You can hit me a bit harder than that if you like Miss.
Um...
Oooooo...
I think she's enjoying this, sir.
Hmmmm... I think you might be right. Still, she has been sentenced to a punishment. We will need to carry it out.
Yes, sir.
You have discovered Amy's weakness. She is a masochist and takes pleasure from being spanked or hurt. However, her tolerance for pain is much higher than the other girls.
I'm going to spank you with this ruler now Amy. I'm afraid this is going to sting.
You promise?
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally, as we did before I would like you to massage the girl's buttocks.
Yes Mr [surname].
That feels quit nice Miss but shouldn't you be spanking me?
Mr [surname] says that a good punishment should combine light massage as well as spanking.
Why's that?
The contrast in sensations is supposed to make the punishment more effective.
You mean it will hurt more when you start spanking me again?
I think that's the theory.
Oh cool. Carry on then.
I'm going to massage your buttocks now Amy.
Sir, that's not spanking me, you're just fondling my bottom.
It may seem that way Amy but actually this is a scientifically tested method for enhancing punishments.
Oh right, cool.
So what do you think of my bum, sir? It's pretty firm isn't it?
It is. You have very muscular buttocks Amy.
Thanks. I do a lot of work on my glutes.
I can tell.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK, Miss Newman please stroke Amy's inner thigh as we did with Debbie.
Yes Mr [surname].
OK Amy, in order to help you remember this punishment better I'm going to give you a little pleasure along with the pain.
I'm just going to gently stroke your inner thigh.
Oh wow! What's happening now?
You OK Amy?
I'm great but I'm a bit confused too.
I know it may seem strange but when I tell you to improve your behaviour I want you associate my words with the nice feeling you get from me rubbing the soft skin of your thigh and not just with the pain of me hitting your bottom.
That's very nice of you Miss Newman.
No problem Amy. You can thank Mr [surname] for being kind enough to teach me his punishment methods.
Thank you Mr [surname].
Gosh, you're really not shy are you Miss? Your hand is going right up there!
The massage is more effective this way.
I'll say. Mmmmmmm...
Oh, sir. That feels nice. What did I do to deserve this treatment?
This is standard punishment procedure Amy.