I fear that today's punishment will not have been enough to get you to change your ways.
I'm going to have to give you an additional punishment.
An additional punishment?! Sir, I'm not sure my bottom can take much more after the beating you just gave me.
That's not what I had in mind. No, I'm afraid that this punishment you will find much harder to take than a spanking.
What are you going to do to me?
Amy, for the next seven days you are forbidden from orgasming.
What?! You can't stop me from orgasming. How would that even work?
For the next week you will have to wear these chastity underwear to prevent you from pleasuring yourself.
No way!
I'm afraid so.
But I can't wear those all the time!
Don't worry. They are white so you won't be breaking the uniform policy.
I don't care about that. I mean, how will I go to the toilet!?
They are designed with holes to allow for bodily functions.
But how will I shower or keep the underwear clean?
Knock knock
You called for me, Mr [surname]?
Oh wow! What's going on here?
Hello, Debbie. Amy is in serious trouble for injuring another student.
As punishment she is forbidden from orgasming for the remainder of the week.
No orgasms?!
No.
That's pretty harsh, sir! How are you going to enforce that?
With this chastity underwear and with your help. Please put it on her.
Really?!
OK!
These are kind of complicated.
Get used to them, Debbie, I'm giving you a key to lock them. Amy will not be permitted to take them off herself.
I'll need you to supervise her in the shower. I suggest you always bind her hands before removing them so that she has no opportunity to touch herself.
If my hands are tied up how am I supposed to wash?
Debbie can help with that too.
Cool.
What?!
Debbie, feel free to touch her, tease her, or spank her as you please. Just be careful that she doesn't orgasm.
Yes, sir!
I'm putting a lot of trust in you here, Debbie. I'm sure Amy will try to persuade you to take them off but you must stay strong.
If you want to be my apprentice, then consider this a test of your dedication.
Leave it to me, Mr [surname]!
Um, this is all a bit extreme, isn't it?!
Need I remind you that Faye is in the hospital right now because of you?
No, headmaster. I'm sorry.
I won't lie, Amy, this will be tough for you. However, in the long run, I think this is the best course of action.
In seven days time we will remove the underwear and you will then be punished again.
After that I believe we will see a dramatic improvement in your behaviour.
Yes, sir.
OK, let's get you untied and we can put your skirt back on now.
OK, Debbie. I'm sure Amy is a little sweaty after the punishment she just received, I suggest you take her to the showers.
Don't forget to bind her hands before removing her underwear.
Yes, sir.
I don't know enough about Amy yet to know how best to help her.