Yes!
Do you think there is anything wrong with enjoying sex?
No, sir!
Then why do you care if people call you a slut?
I... I don't know...
It is because you have been conditioned by society to think and behave in a certain way.
It has led you to feel ashamed just for being who you are.
So what if you get turned on by being spanked? So what if you like girls and boys? So what if you have multiple sexual partners?
You are just doing what feels good. What makes other people feel good.
How can that be a bad thing?
Grrrr....
Concentrate, Amy. Listen to my voice.
I'm... I'm listening...
From now on, Amy, you will no longer care if people call you a slut. You will no longer feel ashamed that you posed naked for a magazine.
You are a beautiful young woman with a body to die for. You shouldn't care if fellow students see this magazine.
Yes! You're right. I shouldn't care.
Stop hiding who you are, Amy. Embrace your true nature.
Sex is a positive thing and being sexually active is nothing to be ashamed of.
Yes, sir! Yes! Oh fuck! Yes!
It takes a lot to sexually satisfy a girl like you, Amy, and there is nowhere you will be more sexually satisfied than here in my office with me.
Yes, sir! No one makes me feel like you make me feel...
From now on I want you to help me perfect my punishment methods here in my office.
You will come here whenever I ask so I can practice punishing you.
Yes, sir, I will! Whatever you need from me!
I also want you to help me train the other staff and my Prefects in the art of discipline.
With my knowledge and skills and you as a practice subject we can train the greatest disciplinarians the world has ever seen.
Will you help me, Amy?
Yes, sir! Yes! I'm your toy to play with!
Will you permit the use of your body in service of the school to help train my staff and Prefects.
Yes, sir! Use me as you like. Give me to the other teachers and the students to spank and grope and humiliate.
I shall, Amy, and you will enjoy it.
Yes, sir!
Everything has gone according to plan. It's time to give her an orgasm and seal the deal.
Oh my God!
Ahhhhhh!!!
Amy is convulsing with pleasure. I think I've done enough. Time for me to cum as well.
Oh wow... That was intense.
I've never had an anal orgasm before. That was pretty awesome! Thank you, sir.
You're welcome, Amy. You took your punishment very well. You can get back up now.
You know, I think you were right when you said I should be less embarrassed about that magazine.
I've kept it a secret from all the other girls because I was ashamed but I have nothing to be ashamed about.
Do you think it's OK if I take your copy of the magazine? I think I might show it to some people. It's time to stop feeling embarrassed about it all the time.
Sure thing, Amy. That's a good idea. I think you'll feel a lot better about yourself if you open up to your friends.
Yes, sir, and I think I'd like to help you after school as well. I think it might be fun.
Anytime you want to practice punishing a girl let me know and I'll come up here.
Plus if you need my help with training people on how to give good spankings then I can help with that too.
Debbie gives a decent spanking but nowhere near as good as you or Miss Newman.
With my help I'm sure I'm sure we can get her giving just as good punishments as you guys in no time.
Excellent. I'm glad to hear it. OK, Amy, you can go now. You'll hear from me again soon.
You've reached the end of Amy's storyline for this version of the game.