I think I've finally figured Amy out and I know why my punishments aren't getting through to her.
She is constantly experiencing pain, humiliation, and pleasure outside of my office and it's interfering with my punishment techniques.
If I can just cut one of these things out of her life my punishment techniques should start working and I'll be able to modify her behaviour.
But how to go about it?
She is getting most of her pain from her intense exercise regime. However, I have no intention of stopping her exercising.
She's easily still young enough to make the Olympics in four years time and I wouldn't want to interfere with her training.
I can't really do much yet to stop her feelings of humiliation about being kicked off the Olympic squad.
That just leaves pleasure as the only option left.
I'll need to stop her getting so much pleasure outside of my punishments.
There are two ways I could go about it.
I could try to give her so much pleasure here that she won't even be thinking about sex for a while afterwards.
Or I could find some way to prevent her from pleasuring herself the rest of the time. Perhaps some restrictive clothing of some kind.
I think I'll try the first option to begin with. After this punishment I'll be sure to give Amy an orgasm she won't soon forget.
First though there is one more thing I need to test out. I'd like to see how she reacts to a little more public humiliation.
I should have Miss Newman spank her in front of her classmates again.
I still haven't figured Amy out.
I believe she is getting pain humiliation and pleasure from other sources and it's interfering with my punishment methods.
I need to figure out the sources of each before I'll make any progress.
I'd also like to see how she reacts to a little more public humiliation. I should have Miss Newman spank her again in class.
Well done, you have maxed out Amy's pain humiliation and pleasure and raised her to the next level.
You cannot advance Amy to the next level in this version on the game. More content for Amy is coming soon. Make sure you have completed all her events in her quest log.
You cannot advance Amy to the next level in this version on the game. More content for Amy is coming soon. Make sure you have completed all her events in her quest log.
You should order her to undress, sir.
What position should we put her in, sir?
What position should we put her in, sir?
What position should we put her in, sir?
What position should we put her in, sir?
What position should we put her in, sir?
Thank you Miss Newman, I shall take over for now.
I don't have the authority yet to punish the girls myself.
Miss Newman, please take charge of the punishment for me.
No problem Mr [surname]
Amy, get dressed but leave off your cardigan and tie.
Yes, sir.
OK Amy, you can start by removing your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Yes, sir.
OK Miss Newman, I think that we should start off by putting the girl across your knee and giving her a good hand spanking.
Good plan, sir.
Amy, get dressed but leave your cardigan and skirt off.
Err... OK.
Remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Yes, sir.
Now take off your skirt.
Yes, sir.
I should really be punishing you on your bare bottom for such a serious offence Amy.
Just think yourself lucky that the school's rules allow you the protection of your underwear.
I feel so bad for what I did to Faye. I should get the most painful punishment you can give me, sir.
I think that you should pull my knickers down if it will hurt more.
The rules currently prevent us from removing your regulation knickers Amy but I can't stop you removing them yourself if you wish.
OK. I'll take them off.