You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK, Amy. Come stand back over here.
Amy's behaviour has not been improving. I know she enjoys pain and clearly has a very high tolerance for it.
However, my methods should still be having an effect on her.
I suspect that there may be other factors at play here.
My method relies on pain, pleasure and humiliation.
Perhaps if Amy is getting all of these things regularly in other ways then she will not react as strongly when they are applied here in my office.
I need to know more about Amy's sexual history and what she is getting up to around Campus.
Thank you for punishing me, Mr [surname].
No problem, Amy. It's nice to be thanked by a girl without having to prompt them.
However, I fear that you enjoy these sessions a little more than you are supposed to.
Why do you enjoy being spanked, Amy?
I don't know. It hurts but then I feel really good afterwards. I can't explain it.
You must think I'm really weird?
No, not at all. The kind of masochism you describe is actually very common.
I've come across a lot of girls like you, Amy.
I'll bet you have, sir.
Ehem, I meant as a psychologist I've spoken to a lot of women like you in my professional capacity.
Yeah, of course.
Amy clearly enjoyed being punished here in my office. I wonder if she would have reacted differently if she was spanked in front of all the other girls in class?
I still don't know how best to help Amy. Perhaps I should experiment some more with punishing her in front of the other students.
I should have Sally spank her in class again.
How are you feeling, Amy?
I... I feel... Please, sir, can you... Can you touch me again? Like you did in class?
Hmmmm.... As I already learned in class a little time tied up and humiliated is all this girl needs before she is begging for relief.
Now is my chance to give her an orgasm she won't soon forget. Hopefully then she will be less tempted to indulge in sexual activities outside of these punishment sessions.
With enough training like this It should be easier to convince her to become a willing practice subject to help train the other staff, and perhaps some of the students, in the art of discipline.
So Amy has been receiving pain, humiliation, and sexual pleasure regularly in her own time and that is why my punishment methods haven't worked on her so far.
I believe that if I can stop her from getting just one of these things then her future punishments will be much more effective.
I think the best way to go about this will be to deny the girl any sexual pleasure for one whole week.
I'll then punish her again and she should finally be susceptible to changes in her behaviour.
Perhaps I'll finally be able to convince her to start helping me train the staff and my Prefect.
Thinking of Debbie, I actually could do with her here. I'll text Samantha and have the girl summoned to my office.
Amy is not ready for this yet.
I'm going to need to learn a little more about you, Amy, if I'm going to help improve your behaviour.
These punishment sessions in my office are designed to make the student feel uncomfortable by giving them sensations that they are not used to.
If you are already engaging in a lot of these activities in your own time then my punishments will not be as effective.
I'm going to have to ask you some personal questions about your sex life, if that's OK with you, Amy?
Yeah, OK.
Firstly, how frequently do you masturbate?
Wow, that is very personal!
Answer the question please.
All the time! I get so horny. Especially recently since all the spankings started.
All the spankings?
Yeah, I get turned on seeing the other girls being spanked as well as being spanked myself.
Is that because you like to imagine that you are the one being spanked or because you find the other girls attractive?
A bit of both I think.
You mentioned an old boyfriend before. Does this mean you are bisexual?
Hmmm... I suppose. I find lots of people attractive. Gender doesn't always come into it.
If there were boys at the school I'd probably be more interested in them but I'm happy to make do with the girls.