Bend over my desk Amy.
Are you going to fuck me again, Mr [surname]? I still haven't got any birth control but you can fuck my up the bum again, if you like? It hurt a lot but it felt pretty amazing too.
Shut up and bend over my desk Amy. I don't need you to talk right now.
Sir, yes sir! You ever feel the urge to roughly pound a girl you know who to ask.
OK. Let's get plenty of lube on there and let's try to squeeze it in.
Ooooff.
Oooh that's very tight.
Grrrrrrrr!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
It's about a third of the way in now.
What only a third, seriously?!
Ahhhhhh!
That's about half.
I don't think I can take any more than that, sir!
Yes you can, Amy. Only a little more to go now.
OK, Amy, I'm going to push it the rest of the way in now.
Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!
Ahhhhh! You're so fucking big.
There we are, Amy. It's in.
It hurts so much.
But it feels so good too.
Oh yes!
Oh, sir...
Oh my God!
Ahhhhhh!!!
Amy is convulsing with pleasure. Time for me to cum as well.
Oh wow... That was intense.
Thanks for the fuck sir. I enjoyed it.
No problem, now get dressed and go, Amy. I have no further use for you this evening.
Yes sir.
I need to make sure Amy puts on the chastity underwear before letting her leave.
OK, Amy, you can get dressed and go now.
Yes, sir.
I need to make sure I spy on Amy's room this evening straight after her spanking to see how she reacts.
Can I take my riding crop back though, please?
Sure I guess, I don't know if the other girls are quite ready for this yet anyway.
Thanks, sir. See you later.
I wonder what Amy wants her crop back for?
I need spy on Amy's room this evening straight after her spanking to see how she reacts.
I don't know much about Amy yet, certainly not enough to devise a proper strategy for punishing her.
I should spy on her this evening when she is in her dorm room to see how she reacts to her spanking.
Amy clearly enjoys being punished and has a high tolerance for pain.
Changing her behaviour is going to be tough. I don't think I'm going to make any progress with her until I've changed some of the school's rules.
First things first I should convince the school board that the girls need to take off their skirts as part of a punishment.
Amy's masochism presents both a problem and an opportunity. The girl enjoys being spanked which makes it harder to correct her behaviour.
On the other hand, there are a lot of ways I could use someone like her. A willing volunteer for punishment would be useful for staff training.
Also, if I can teach her to accurately describe and rate the pain and pleasure she experiences from different actions, I can use that information to help perfect my punishment methods.
First things first, let's get her out of that skirt.
I won't make much progress with Amy until I've figured the girl out.
I should spy on her room again tonight.