I'm not sure about that, sir. I mean, I am really hot.
Not everything in life is about your appearance, Alice.
Alright, you've passed your inspection, you may cover yourself.
OK, Alice you are aware of the new body search rule?
No sir.
Oh dear me. You girls really must start reading the bulletins that Samantha sends out.
Well, I'm afraid that all girls must submit themselves to a full-body search from me whenever I ask.
Tuck your skirt into your waistband and open up your shirt. Turn around and put your hands up against the vending machine.
Really?! Why?
Because there may be drugs on campus and I need to find them. You don't know anything about that, do you?
No sir!
Good, although I'm afraid you still must be searched.
Well, OK I guess if that's a rule now. I'd better do as you say.
Good girl, Alice.
Nothing in your socks.
Knickers are empty.
Oh wow, you really are being very thorough.
Hardly. These searches could be a lot more intrusive but I must stick to current school rules.
If the drugs are not found soon I may have no choice but to change the rules to allow for cavity searches as well.
Cavity searches?!
OK, now let's check this bra.
Hmmmm... Oh my.
What... What is it, sir?
This is a large brassier. I shall need to take my time checking it carefully.
Mmmm....
Stop it!
Rachel!
Huh?
Let go of her boobs!
Rachel, how dare you interrupt me while I am carrying out an important school business.
But Master...
That does it, young lady, I don't know what's gotten into you lately but I am afraid I'm going to have to punish you for this.
Let go of my arm this instant.
I'm sorry, Master.
OK Alice. You are free from contraband. You may cover yourself and be on your way.
Yes sir.
Rachel, you come with me. We need to talk in private.
Yes Master.
Let's go into the stationery cupboard.
Uh!
Something the matter Rachel?
No sir.
OK Alice, you aren't carrying anything. You may get dress and head to class.
Yes sir.
As you were, Alice. I shall speak with you later.
I'm sorry, Master.
Take off your shirt, Rachel.
Yes Master.
I'm sorry about this my pet, but I am going to have to squeeze your nipples now as punishment for your naughty behaviour.
Yes Master. I understand.