Hello Nina.
Leave me alone! I don't want to talk you!
Hmmm.... I need to find some way to build Nina's trust.
There seems to be an endless pile of paperwork here.
Let's see what needs doing this time.
knock knock
Come in.
Hello young lady. Who might you be?
Hello sir. My name is Maxine Fisher.
Hello Maxine. How can I be of assistance?
I would like to introduce myself as the elected student president.
I wasn't aware that we had a student president at this school.
We do sir. I was elected by the other students to act as liaison between staff and students.
Well it's nice to meet you Maxine. It was good of you to come and introduce yourself.
Nice to meet you too sir.
So as student president what do you feel is the mood amongst the students?
Well to be honest sir we aren't very happy.
We're all adults and we expected to be finished with school by now.
We all want to be out enjoying ourselves like other people our age.
Instead we're made to dress up in these stupid uniforms and forced to come to this school in the middle of nowhere.
Yes, I can imagine that this had been quite a shock to you girls.
Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do about that except help you pass your exams.
Only then will you be free to do as you wish.
You seem like a bright and well spoken young lady Maxine.
Tell me how you ended up at this school?
I was expelled just before my final exams.
I'm certain I would have passed them if I'd had the chance.
Why were you expelled?
I organised a demonstration against our school playing field being turning into a car park.
The protest got out of hand because a few students started smashing windows.
I took the blame for it even though I did everything I could to calm them down.
So you see yourself as something of an activist?
Yes sir! There are so many injustices in the world.
I want to do what I can to help other people.
That explains why you have become the student president.
Yes sir.
That is commendable Maxine. Looking out for the rights of others is a noble cause.
Thank you sir.
Just be careful not to cause trouble here. I don't need any student demonstrations.
Let's hope there's no need for that. Anyway, nice to meet you. See you later sir.
Hmmm...That almost sounded like a threat. I should watch out for Maxine. She could be trouble.
Time to tackle some more of this damn paperwork.
knock knock
Come in.
Ah Maxine. What can I do for the student president?
I'm here to make a complaint on behalf of the students sir.
What would that be Maxine?
We feel that the use of spanking is a cruel and unusual punishment.
It is therefore a breach of our rights as set out in the European Convention on Human Rights.
These punishments must therefore stop immediately or we will be forced to take action!