Exactly, so what is the problem?
I'm sorry, sir. It's just I feel embarrassed about what happened. Some of the other girls tease me about it.
Do they? Well, that won't do at all. Name names, Priti, and I shall see them punished as well.
Oh no, sir. I don't want to be a tattle-tale.
OK, well you know you can always come to me if you feel you are being bullied.
Yes sir.
I'm good thank you sir.
I'm a little excited that we're going to do another photoshoot soon. I had so much fun before.
If my mother knew I posed for pictures in a bikini I think her head might explode!
Oh gosh, she won't find out will she?
Of course not. However, once we've finished building up your confidence you won't care if your mother finds out.
Really? Do you think I'll ever be that confident?
I have every faith in you, Priti.
I'm good thank you, sir.
I've really enjoyted the homework you've been setting. It's all very interesting.
I'm excited that we are going to learn Russian history this term.
Good, I'm always happy to have a student keen to learn.
OK Priti, time for a uniform inspection. Let's take a look at your bra.
Yes sir.
Excellent. Let me see.
Yes, that seems to be in order.
Lift your skirt too now please.
Yes sir.
Good girl, Priti. It's nice to see girls complying with their inspections without having to be prompted to do every little thing.
It feels super embarrassing standing like this, sir, but those are the rules I suppose.
You don't have a little red bow this time do you?
No sir. I threw that pair away after I saw Debbie confiscate a similar pair from April.
Good. Although couldn't you have just removed the bow?
Yes, that would have been a better idea. I guess I just panicked a little.
I really don't have many pairs of knickers left, nobody does. It's becoming a real problem.
Hmmm... Yes, that is unfortunate.
Well, in any case, your uniform is in order, you may cover yourself.
So your uniform is not the reason you are being naughty right now.
Hehe. I'm being naughty and you don't even know how.
Hmmmm... Perhaps a body search might be in order.
Body searching girls for no reason isn't currently allowed under the school's rule though. I should change that.
OK, Priti. I'm going to need to give you a body search now.
Oh goodness.
Tuck your skirt into your waistband and open up your shirt. Then turn around put your hands up against the locker.
Yes sir.
Ooooh... Goodness.
Don't be scared, Priti. I'll be gentle.
Nothing hidden in your shirt.
Let's check your bra, shall we?
Oh my!
You OK, Priti?
Yes sir, I'm just not used to anyone touching me like this.
Sorry Priti, but unfortunately this is just a necessity at the moment.
Dangerous narcotics could be on campus and I must search every girl, no matter how unlikely it seems that they would be hiding any.
OK, nothing in your bra.