Of course not, Mr [surname].
That sounded rather insincere.
Hmmmm... I hope that paddling Miss Newman gave you was enough to discourage you from any further antics.
Just remember to study hard and focus on your school work.
We will.
Are you girls aware that illegal narcotics may have made their way into campus?
We don't know anything about that, sir.
That's good to hear.
I'm afraid though that the school board has decided that every girl must be searched.
Really?
I'm going to have to give you both a through pat down.
Please also lower your shorts and raise your shirts so I have easier access to your underwear.
Why would we have drugs in our pockets when we do football practice?
The school does not know where or when drugs are entering campus.
I must assume that any girl could be carrying them at any time.
This is the surest way to find the guilty culprits.
Really sir, we're not carrying anything.
Maybe so, but if you fail to comply with a search I will have to assume you are carrying something illicit and you will be punished.
Now lower your shorts and lift your shirts if you please.
But sir, these are running shorts with a lining. You're not supposed to wear knickers with them.
I see. Then it seems the school board may have made a slight oversight when writing the procedure for body searches.
However, I'm afraid it is very specific. When girls are wearing sports clothes they must lift their shirts and lower their shorts.
As you know I am real stickler for the rules, so I'm afraid you will still need to lower them.
What?! Now way, we're not doing that.
Come on Louise, let's just do it quickly while there's no one else around.
But Mary!
You know there's no point arguing. Please Louise, I don't want to get punished again. The paddle really hurts.
Alright Mary, you win.
I don't want to see you crying again.
You cried too.
No, I didn't.
Yeah, you did.
Hands up on your heads please while I perform the search.
Good girls.
Of course, before I start I will need to be certain which twin is which.
Wait, sir, you can't be serious?!
I'm afraid I am, young lady.
Please Mr [surname].
You've got nothing here I haven't seen before.
Yeah but someone could come by any minute and we'll be completely exposed.
All the more reason to get this over over with quickly then.
Hey! Stop it!
Stay cool, Louise, I don't want to get in trouble.
You'd be wise to listen to your sister, Louise. You need to get a hold of that temper of yours.
Oh my God! Mr [surname], someone is watching!
It's just the groundskeeper going about his business, pay him no attention. Keep those hands over your heads, girls.
But sir!
Hands above your heads, or do you want to be standing here like this all morning?
No.
Thats better.