They do, indeed look very cute.
These are all great Ada, any more photos?
Um... Let me see what else is on here.
What do we have here, Ada?
Oh erm... I forgot those were on that memory card.
That's Trixie, I mean Miss Star. Why do you have naked pictures of your teacher?
Oh, um... Well, she's very pretty and I asked if she wanted to pose for some photos.
She invited me to her house on Saturday.
So you went to your teachers house and convinced her to pose naked for you?
No! I didn't ask to take nude pictures. She just stripped naked when I arrived.
She said all the best photographers work with nude models and I should practice with her.
I was quite uncomfortable but I didn't want to be rude so I took the photos anyway.
I can believe that. You should have seen what she did at her job interview.
I'm not in any trouble, am I?
Not at all! I'm actually very impressed.
These are good photos. Natural talent such as this should be encouraged.
Thanks.
Plus Miss Star is quite correct, nudity is very common in fine art photography.
Clothing and fashion date quickly whereas a nude model is timeless.
The clothes we wear also say a lot about us and conveys a vast amount of hidden meaning.
We subconsciously make a lot of judgements about people from what they are wearing; from their cultural background, their wealth or even their mood.
All of these things might affect our feelings and may clash with the intended tone of the picture.
To make truly great art the model is often portrayed nude to capture the pure emotion of the subject.
All those things are true, it's just that personally, I've never been that comfortable around nudity.
Well, that's no doubt just down to a lack of exposure.
If you are serious about becoming a professional photographer I'd recommend capturing as many nude subjects as you can until you are comfortable with it.
Who else would want to pose naked for me though?
I'm sure you won't have too much trouble finding willing models, Ada. Just ask around.
Maybe. I'll think about it.
Those are the best ones I've got so far.
I still really want the twins to pose for me but I don't think I'll ever convince them.
Well, keep trying. You just need to find a convincing enough reason.
OK, Ada you've been at the school long enough now and you know the drill.
Open your shirt and lift your skirt for a uniform inspection please. I'll hold your camera for you.
Yes sir.
I still think this policy is sexist and degrading. There's really no point to it.
I'm sorry Ada, I take no pleasure in these checks but they simply must be done.
Time and again you girls have proved to be incapable of following the rules and so I have been forced to introduce these inspections.
You know I really have much better things to be doing than going around all day making you girls lift your skirts up.
OK Ada, your underwear is within regulation. You can put your skirt down now and here is your camera back.
Great, thanks.
Ada, you will have been made aware of the school's new stop and search policy.
Yes sir.
OK, then you should know what to do. Open your shirt and tuck your skirt into the waist band. I need to check your clothing for drugs.
I don't have anything like that on me, sir.
Is that right? Sadly, that's not how searches work I'm afraid. I can't just take your word for it.
Undress as instructed please, before this matter escalates.
Fine.
Good, now put you hands up against the locker.
Let's see, nothing in your socks.