The school board has granted me emergency powers to stop and search every girl.
I cannot simply make exceptions for girls because they don't like being touched.
I'm serious though. I don't want you to touch me.
Hmmm... I could make an exception for you Nina by just visually inspecting you for contraband.
OK, that's fine.
No problem, I'm glad we could come to a compromise.
Of course you'll need to hand me all your clothes.
What?!
How else can I confirm you aren't hiding anything without touching you directly?
So I have to strip or you'll grope me over my clothes?
Yes.
What if I don't want either to happen?
Well then, I shall have Miss Newman or a Prefect drag you to my office.
We'll give you a thorough search there and of course I'll have to spank you for not complying with the rules.
So you'll grope me and spank me?!
You've seen my demonstration in class so you know what happens to naughty girls who end up in my office.
This is so unfair!
Fine, I'll take my clothes off and you can search those.
Good girl, Nina.
Can we not do it here, though?
Alright. We can go into the stationery cupboard over there.
OK, Nina hand me your clothes.
You have to promise not to touch me.
You have my word. Even though you're not in a position to make demands, Nina. I'm doing you a big favour by not searching you directly.
Yeah right.
Let's have your shirt and tie please.
Now your shoes, socks and skirt.
Alright, you can see I don't have anything. Can I go?
No Nina. I know young women like to hide things in their underwear.
I would be failing in my job not to check those too.
Really though, sir, you can see I don't have anything hidden in them.
Take them off, Nina. It would be a shame to have to give you a body search after all.
Fine, but I'm turing away.
I'm naked, you can see I'm not hiding anything. Can I have my clothes back now, please?
You're still covering parts of yourself.
Put your arms to the sides and show me your palms.
No. I don't want to.
Come along, Nina. Show me quickly and you can get dressed and be on your way.
Please?
No.
Hands to you sides. Open your palms
Hmmmm... One hand is still closed, Nina.
Sir...
Open it.
Uh huh. As I suspected, you were trying to hide something from me.
Something you were so desperate to hide that I had to strip you completely naked to find it.
Is that a lighter? Looks like an expensive one.
Please don't confiscate it.
Why do you have a lighter, Nina? Lighters are not allowed in school.
It was my grandfather's. It has sentimental value. It's not got any lighter fluid in it.