Let me check your knickers next.
Oooooh, goodness.
Oh sir...
I hope you don't mind me touching your privates, Priti. It's just very unfortunately that I'm being forced to do this to every student.
Oooohhh... I'm sure you're just doing your job, headmaster. I just feel all flustered.
OK, nothing here either.
No wait, there is something. Not in your knickers but tucked into a pocket in your skirt.
Oh no, you found my secret.
It's a sweet of some kind.
What's in this wrapper, Priti?
Oh no, you found my secret contraband chocolate. I guess I'm in big trouble now.
Chocolate isn't contraband.
But sir, that's liqueur chocolate. It's got alcohol in it.
Is this your attempt at being naughty Priti?
It is naughty, isn't it?
One liqueur chocolate?
I brought alcohol to class. I'm being totally rebellious.
I suppose this technically isn't allowed although the amount of alcohol in these things is negligible.
I'll give you points for trying, Priti, but you'll need to be a lot more rebellious than that if you're ever going to stand up to your mother.
Even more rebellious?! Oh goodness. I'm not sure I can handle being more naughty than that, sir.
The pressure, the guilt, the shame! It's all too much.
Baby steps, Priti. We'll build up your confidence a little at a time.
Soon you'll be strong, independent and free from the control of others.
Ooooh, I hope so.
So am I going to be punished for the chocolate?
No Priti, I won't punish you for this. You'll need to try harder at being a rebel than that.
Oh, OK.
Anyway, you aren't carrying anything illicit so you are free to get dressed and go.
Yes sir. I'll do better at being naughty next time. I won't let you down Mr [surname].
I know you won't, Priti. Run along now.
OK Priti, thank you for complying with your search. You may cover yourself again.
Thank you, sir.
Run along now, young lady.
Speak with you later, Priti.
Bye, Mr [surname].
You can trust me Amy (requires {color=#545dbd}Popularity{/color} 10)
Touch her abs
Don't
OK
I have all the pictures I need.
Uniform Inspection
Body search
Give her a spanking
Spank her
Give her a warning
Taken any good pictures lately Ada?
Body Search
Carry On
How are you?
About what you saw