Action?
Yes.
Is that a threat Maxine? Have you stormed into my office to make a threat against me?
I well, err...
It sounds awfully like a threat to cause unrest amongst the girls?
You are either very brave or very stupid.
I would choose your next words carefully.
Err... no. I mean we'll complain to the police or a lawyer.
Ha! Very funny young lady.
There are a few problems with your plan I'm afraid.
Firstly, our country dropped out of the European Convention on Human Rights many years ago.
Secondly, this school has government approval to carry out corporal punishments.
In fact, I have the legal authority to treat you girls pretty much however I wish.
How is that even possible?!
These are special emergency powers the government introduced to deal with the current behavioural crisis in today's youth.
Behavioural crisis?! What a load of bullshit sir!
Young people today aren't any worse behaved than our parents' generation or any generation before that!
People in charge are always looking for a group to blame for the problems in society.
We're just the most recent in a long line of scapegoats.
It used to be other religious groups then it was immigrants and now it's young people!
We're being demonised to distract attention from the fact that the government has stopped investing in schools.
Rather than accept that it's their fault they have tried to pin everything on us!
Beating students is not the answer! The government needs to invest more in education and take children out of poverty!
This is some fascinating social commentary Maxine and you may have some good points.
Unfortunately for you though I honestly don't care.
But sir...
The truth of the matter is that if you girls were well behaved and studied hard none of you would be here.
This school is your last chance to be useful members of society.
My job is not to question the injustices in society.
My job is simply to make sure you all pass your exams.
And if I need to spank all of you every single day just to improve your grades slightly I will do so.
Complain to whomever you wish. The police, lawyers, your parents.
It will make no difference whatsoever.
Sir, I must insist. As student president...
The students don't make the rules here Maxine.
But sir... I promised the other girls I would convince you.
Not my problem.
Please sir...
Let's this be a lesson to you Maxine not to make promises you cannot keep.
Now please leave as I have a lot of work to do.
Yes sir.
Maxine seemed quite concerned about how the other students will react.
I'd better keep an eye on her when I patrol the school grounds.
She had better not be planning any trouble.
Hello there.
Hello headmaster.
I like your outfit Lucy.
Thank you sir. We're doing a play about Greek mythology.
We're working on our costumes in the gymnasium at the moment.
Marvellous. And which character are you?