This is so unfair!
Giving girls spankings without just cause does little to improve discipline and is bad for your popularity. {color=#545dbd}Popularity{/color} -2.
Let that be a lessson to you Donna.
I didn't do anything wrong.
See you later Donna.
Not if I see you first.
Hello Ada.
Hello sir.
Did you find out what was wrong with my phone?
No yet, Ada.
I still need to speak with Miss Chang about this. I should do that as soon as possible.
OK, let me know when you've had the chance.
Yes, but I'm afaraid there's nothing I can do to fix it.
Oh, so what was wrong with it?
There is nothing wrong with your phone, Ada, but there is a firewall around the school which is preventing you from posting to certain websites.
Why?
I'm not really certain to be honest but I'm sure the schools owners set it up for your protection. Data security is very important in this day and age.
I just want to contact my friends and family.
You be able to speak with them again soon, I'm sure.
I hope so.
Here is your phone back anyway.
Thanks.
Hi Ada.
Hello sir.
Yes! Lots.
Oh yes. What have you been photographing?
I spent the weekend going around school trying to capture a slice of life.
The other students were all happy to let me take pictures of them. Some of the staff too.
Oh, really. Can I see any of them?
Sure. I have some on my camera, take a look.
Thanks.
Oh, that's a lovely photo.
Thanks. Priti is very photogenic.
Oh yes, I know.
This is a good photo. Ada is clearly a much better photographer than me.
Oh, it's Debbie and Cassandra.
I was a bit worried about asking to photograph those two. They have a reputation for being mean.
Cassandra told me to clear off but Debbie said it was OK to take their picture.
I think she might have been trying to flirt with me.
Sounds about right.
I was a bit surprised to find girls wandering around campus in tiny bikinis.
I know it was the weekend, but I still wasn't expecting girls to be nearly naked on school grounds.
That didn't stop you taking their picture.
Well of course not. Look at those two, they're absolutely gorgeous.
Amy's got the body of an athlete and Alice has the biggest boobs I've ever seen on a girl our age.
You enjoy photographing girls in bikinis, Ada?
I can appreciate the beauty of the female form.
Rightly so.
It's Lucy and Rachel in their dance class leotards.
Yes, they looked so cute in those outfits I had to get them to pose for me.