I'm Hermes. The winged messenger!
Fantastic! Sounds like this is going to be a good play. I should check out the gymnasium.
OK sir. See you later.
Hey girls.
Good morning sir.
What are you two up to?
We came early to practice our football skills.
Oh really? So you two used to play a lot before?
Yes sir. We used to play for our school and we were in a Sunday football league as well.
We tried out for a professional team once but we weren't really good enough.
Oh well, professional football is extremely competitive, even for women.
I'm sure you must be really good players even to make it that far.
Thank you sir. It's true. We are pretty good.
Our Sunday league team is probably doing really badly without us.
Yeah, I hope we graduate soon so we can get back home.
Well, study hard girls and you'll be out of here in no time.
Speaking of which you two better get changed and head over to lessons or you'll be late.
Yes sir. We'll get right over there.
Developers note: Conversation to be updated for Chapter 2.
What is going on over here?
Guys this isn't funny anymore. Come on you know I can't remember the code! Let me back in!
I'm sorry Cassandra that I dripped water on your clothes.
Please let me back in. I'm wet and cold and someone could come along any minute.
Hello Faye.
Eeeek! Oh my goodness. Headmaster. Erm... I can explain.
Can you now?
Yes I was err...
Don't you know it's rude to talk to someone with your back turned young lady?
Oh, um. Sorry sir.
So are you going to tell me what you are doing standing in the hallway with no clothes on?
Well, I...
From what I just heard it sounds like Cassandra kicked you out of the changing rooms for dripping water on her clothes.
Does that sound about right?
Well...
Cassandra. Come out of the changing rooms right now!
Don't make me send Miss Newman in there.
Uh, God fine. What is it?
Um, can I go back in now?
Not yet. I want to get to the bottom of this first.
Care to explain why you forced poor Faye here into the corridor naked?
Don't know what you're talking about. Faye just likes to run around in the nude.
Really?
It's true. Ask anyone.
Don't lie Cassandra. I'm afraid you must be punished for this.
Well I'm already expecting you in my office later. So we can discuss this further then.
Now both of you get going.
Report to my office after school Cassandra. I shall decide on your punishment then.
Developers note: Conversation to be updated for Chapter 2.
Hello headmaster.
Good afternoon. It's Elizabeth isn't it?