It's a good thing you've done for the whole country, Donna. Students everywhere may soon be benefiting from my enhanced teaching practices.
It's not fair. I'm going to be a Duchess. You shouldn't be allowed to treat me like that.
I think it's about time you learned a little humility.
Take this as an opportunity to reflect on your behaviour and to grow as a person.
I will not forgive you for the way you treated me.
I will not forgive that grubby peasant, Debbie, either. It was probably her who framed me by writing on my knickers.
Don't go looking for revenge and just behave yourself, Donna.
There are plenty more humiliating punishments I can give you.
More humiliating than having my nether regions exposed and then forced to orgasm on camera?!
Oh yes. That was just a little taste of things to come, so you'd better work hard and keep your head down.
I've been cutting you a lot of slack for your rudeness and insubordination so far but that's going to end from now on.
I shall expect you to treat me and the other staff here with respect or you will be punished again.
Humpf.
Donna is a stubborn one. A life of wealth and privilege have ingrained in her a deep sense of superiority and entitlement.
If she's going to become a better person I am going to need to teach her some humility.
A prolonged course of humiliating punishments should help bring her down to size.
Of course, that amount of humiliation could leave her angry and resentful.
She will also require a significant amount of pleasure to balance things out.
I should start off by having her lift her skirt for me again.
Go away.
That's no way to speak to your headmaster, Donna.
Go away, please.
Hmmm... Better, I suppose.
Go away, Pervert.
Oh dear. I warned you about this before Donna and you've left me with no choice this time. Turn around and put your hands up against the locker.
Let's check your underwear, Donna.
Again?!
Yes, again.
How often do you need to see them?!
As often as possible. It's good for you girls to be constantly reminded that you are my subordinates.
Making you show me your underwear is a good way to achieve that.
So go ahead, lift up your skirt.
So you admit these inspections are nothing to do with us wearing regulation knickers. You just like to belittle us.
Hmmmm... It's a bit of both.
That looks fine. OK, now tuck your skirt into the waist band and open your shirt.
I am checking to make sure you are following the rules but I am also teaching you to follow orders and to understand your place.
OK, thats fine. Let's the back of your knickers as well please.
Maybe that's what you tell yourself but I think you're just a pervert who likes to look up our skirts.
I thought I warned you to always treat me with respect from now on, Donna?
Calling me a pervert doesn't seem very respectful, does it?
Pervert.
Hey!
Apologise now.
No.
Ow! Hey stop.
I'll stop when you apologise.
Unhand me!
Gone are the days when I will tolerate rudeness from you girls.
I think you may have forgotten that I now have permission to punish you myself.
Disrespect will now be met with immediate disciplinary action.