Nothing in your bra, expect a pair of small firm breasts of course.
Please be careful, sir. My nipples are really sensitive.
Is that so?
Ah! Yes sir.
So they are.
I'm sorry Emily. I didn't realise. Well, I wouldn't want to overstimulate your sensitive nipples. So I won't search your bra any further.
Thank you, sir.
I'll just pull it out of the way instead.
Eeeek! That's not what I meant.
It really is much easier to just remove your clothes rather than searching them anyway.
OK, Emily. It seems you aren't hiding any drugs on your person.
Thank you for being a good girl and complying with your search. You may cover yourself again.
Yes sir.
You can head to class now.
Thank you, sir.
Speak with you later Emily.
See you later, sir.
Hello Alice.
Hello Mr [surname].
Hey Rachel.
Hey.
Hey Rachel.
Hey.
So Alice. I'm still waiting for you to stop by my office for extra tuition.
Yes sir. I'll stop by soon.
I should do some paperwork in my office and wait for her to stop by.
Alice, I really think you would benefit from some extra tuition in my office.
I don't know sir. I don't think you'd be interested in helping me.
Alice clearly has something in mind but doesn't feel confident enough to tell me yet.
I'll need to wait until she's ready. I should do paperwork in my office when I want her to visit for tuition.
I'm alright. I just wish we didn't have so much homework to do.
It's only until the end of the year, Alice. Get good grades now and you can forget about homework and exams forever after that.
Oh God, I hope so.
Although obviously, I'd recommend going to university and continuing your education for at least a few more years.
School's hard enough. I don't want to go to university.
Well, wait and see how you feel at the end of the year. You might surprise yourself.
Alright Alice. I hope that you've finally learned your lesson about the uniform regulations?
Yes sir. I have my white underwear on today.
Good. I will need to check of course. Let's see your bra first please.
Yes sir.
Excellent, that appears to be within regulations.
Now let's see your knickers.
White, too. I see you have finally learned to obey the rules.
Yes sir. After what happened in class the other day, how could I forget.
Ah yes. It's a shame I had to go so far as to give you a naked paddling in front of your classmates, Alice, but clearly, it was necessary to get the message across.
Um... Sir, about that video of me being spanked naked in class.
What about it?
You're not going to show it to anyone are you?
Of course I will. It will make an excellent educational resource for training other teachers.
Don't worry though, I'm sure a video like that would be of no interest to anyone outside of the teaching profession.