I love cosplay and dressing up so it's a perfect job for me.
Yes, I saw some of your work and I'm impressed. You're doing a great job.
Thanks.
I'll have to be sure to stop by the rehearsal on Wednesday evening to see how things are coming along.
So Emily, after our little chat in my office with Sally, I noticed that you peaked back into the room after you left.
I... I wasn't peaking I err... I thought I'd forgotten something and um...
I didn't see anything.
You didn't see anything, huh?
No um... I definitely didn't see you or Miss Newman doing anything out of the ordinary.
So Emily wants to pretend she didn't see Sally sucking my cock? Even after she's been gossiping about it with her friends.
I guess I shouldn't press the issue.
Well, it's good that you didn't see anything, Emily. It would be unfortunate if any untrue gossip was being spread around the school.
Anyone spreading such gossip might find themselves in hot water. I hope you understand what I'm saying?
Yes sir.
Good, good.
Well, since you've managed not to lose your skirt today Emily I'm going to have to ask you to raise it.
Um... Yeah, OK.
I've got my white knickers on, sir.
Good. Now show me your bra please.
Yes sir.
Good, all is with regulation today. That certainly makes a nice change.
I know you had a naughty habit of wearing lacy pink knickers instead of regulation white ones. Why is that?
Um... Well, I like sexy clothes and I'm not used to wearing a uniform. I only brought a few pairs of white ones with me to the school.
Then after that weird explosion in Miss Chang's class I had even less.
It's hard to find the time to wash them every other day, you know.
Plus I'm not as brave as Liz. I couldn't go around without any knickers on at all.
Really? I would have thought you would enjoy not having underwear on, what with your nudist background.
Oh, um... My nudist background. Because I'm a, um... nudist, aren't I? Err... well... You see... I prefer to wear knickers because...
I like to be fully naked or fully clothed, it's an either-or thing with me.
Is that so? Fascinating!
It is?
I'd love to hear more about your family's nudist traditions sometime, Emily.
Oh yeah, that would be so great...
I'm glad you think so. Perhaps we can arrange for you to talk about it in front of all your classmates. I'm sure they'd like to hear more about it as well.
Oh God...
I'm sure a suitable time will present itself soon.
Yay....
Now, Emily. I'm very sorry about this but I am going to have to give you a thorough check for contraband.
Someone has been smoking marijuana on campus and I must find the source.
You think I might be carrying drugs? I wouldn't do that, sir.
I'm sure you wouldn't, which is why I am sorry that I have no choice but to search you anyway.
I'm afraid that the stop and search policy must be applied equally to all students.
Tuck your skirt into your waistband and open your shirt.
Then turn around and lean forward. Place your hands on the lockers.
Yes sir.
Good girl, Emily. This is so much easier when girls submit themselves willingly to be gro... I mean, searched.
Now let's see.
Nothing hidden in your socks.
Knickers are empty.
Oh my...