Developers note: Conversation to be updated for Chapter 2.
Hi.
Hi. Amy isn't it?
Yes sir.
Have you been exercising before lessons?
Yes. I try to go for a run most mornings before school.
That is very commendable. You must be in excellent shape.
Yes I am! Do you want to see my abs?
Sure.
What do you think?
Very impressive.
A very fine set of abdominal muscles. You don't get those without hard work and a lot of pain.
I'm guessing that Amy's exercise regime might be the significant and constant source of pain that is interfering with my punishment methods.
Thanks!
So which sports are you into?
Well, at my old school I was the regional champion at the triathlon.
I was all set to be on the national team for the Olympics.
My whole life revolved around training. I didn't study, I didn't have a social life.
I was hoping to get a sport scholarship to university.
So you didn't make the team?
No, I did make the team but they kicked me out.
Why?
Well, it's complicated...
You can tell me Amy.
I'm sorry sir. It's kind of personal.
That's OK. I understand. I hope once you girls get to know me a little better you will be more willing to open up to me about your problems.
Anyway, I'd better get changed and get ready for class. I'll speak to you later.
See you later Amy.
You can trust me Amy. No judgement.
OK sir but please don't tell the other girls.
Of course.
Well, it's expensive training to be an athlete.
I had to pay for gym fees, a personal trainer, special dietary supplements.
My parents gave me some money but it wasn't anywhere near enough.
I was forced to make a little money on the side.
When the athletics board found out they kicked me off the team.
Why? Surely a little part-time work is allowed?
A part-time job wouldn't have helped me. I needed quite a lot of money.
What did you do?
I posed for a magazine.
What kind of magazine?
A topless one.
Oh. I see.
When the head of the athletics board found out she said I was a slut and that I brought shame on the team.
I was booted off in disgrace. I had my final exams a week later and I failed almost all of them.
All I wanted was to be a famous athlete and I blew it.
Now I'm nothing. Just another ordinary girl at a school for losers.
I'm sorry Amy. That's tough but don't be so hard on yourself.
You're not nothing. You made the team on your own merit.
You didn't have wealthy parents to support you so you did what you had to do to succeed.