Um... OK.
Are they OK sir?
Hmmmm... let me take a closer look.
Yes, these seem to be in order.
OK you can lower your skirt now.
OK, run along to lessons now Priti.
Yes sir.
No. Carry on Priti.
OK sir. See you later.
Why do they have to weigh us to begin with?
The nurse said it was because they are worried we aren't eating properly.
Ridiculous. How is it even their business how much we weigh?
It's demeaning enough making us come here and dress up in these tiny skirts.
Now they line us up and weigh us like livestock.
I think the nurse is super nice though, she only does it because she cares about us.
I know. It just feels like we're being treated like prisoners.
I mean, what fresh humiliation will they come up with for us next?
Hello Donna, hello Rachel.
Hello headmaster.
I'm sorry, I couldn't help but overhear.
Being weighed in public may make you feel uncomfortable but having you all seen to at the same time minimises the disruption to your studies.
Well, I suppose it could be worse. At least we're not made to strip naked for it or anything.
Now I hope you two both have your regulation underwear on.
What?! What kind of a question is that?!
I'm afraid too many girls were breaking the rules regarding their uniforms. We have had to instigate a new stricter uniform policy.
From now on I will be performing spot checks on random girls to make sure they are not breaching the rules.
Spot checks? You mean we have to show you our underwear?
Yes. Skirts up girls.
Oh my God. Seriously?
Failure to comply with a uniform inspection will result in you being punished in my office.
Both of lift your skirts up right now.
Urgh, this school is the worst.
You happy now you've seen our knickers?
Hmmmm... Yes. These both seem to be within the regulations.
OK girls. Carry on.
OK girls. See you later.
Go away.
What's the matter? Angry about your treatment in class?
You're damn right I'm angry.
You let that filthy urchin, Debbie, expose my privates and sexually violate me with that... Device.
You mean the vibrator? I'd say you rather enjoyed that part.
My shameful reaction was completely involuntary.
You had an orgasm, Donna. It's nothing to be ashamed of.
Of course it was!
What if someone from my country club sees that video! I'll be a laughing stock.
What did you do with it?
The video is with the school's owners, although I have a copy as well.
So it could be anywhere by now?!
I'm sure the school's owners have no desire to make it public.
It will simply be used for instructing teachers in the use of my punishment methods.