OK, Lucy, could you show me your underwear, please.
Of course, sir.
As you can see I have regulation white bra and knickers.
Nothing on the back either.
Very good, Lucy. Thank you.
If you want to see more...
You'll have to pay me.
OK Lucy, I might take you up on that tomorrow.
What?
Nothing Rachel, it was just a joke.
Lucy, you don't know anything about the smell of cannabis coming from the girls dorms the other night?
No sir. It's nothing to do with me. I would never do drugs. My dad and his friends would smoke weed all the time and I hated it.
They'd just sit on the sofa all day drinking beer and smoking. It was gross.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's OK, sir, with the money I'm getting from you I won't have to go home and deal with those idiots anymore.
Good. I'm glad my cash is going to a good cause.
Obviously, I believe you Lucy that you wouldn't be carrying drugs. However, every girl must be searched and I cannot show favouritism.
I understand, sir. You can search me.
Good girl. Lift your skirt please and open up your shirt. I must be thorough and check your underwear as well.
Oh, um... OK.
Now hands up against the lockers, please.
Yes sir.
Let's start off with your socks.
OK, nothing there.
Oh gosh.
There doesn't seem to be anything hidden in your knickers.
Mmmmm...
You can see there's nothing there already!
I'm being thorough, Rachel, please don't interupt.
Your bra appears to be empty as well.
My boobs aren't that small, are they?
I meant apart from your breasts, of course. They are actually a very nice size, Lucy. A good handful, which is as much as anyone really needs.
I think you've checked Lucy's bra enough, Mr [surname].
Please don't interrupt me during a body search, Rachel. Only I decide when I've finished checking an article of clothing.
But Master...
A P.E.T. should silently observe their master working. Any further interruptions and I'll be forced to take you back to my office for a spanking.
I'm sorry, Master.
Really, I have no idea what's gotten into you Rachel.
OK. Now, where was I...
Yes, I think you've been checked sufficiently, Lucy. I was sure I wouldn't find anything but I did have to check.
That's OK, sir. I know you're just doing your job.
Well done for complying with your search, Lucy. I'll see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow, sir.
See you tomorrow, Lucy.
Bye, sir.
Hi Liz.
Hi Mr [surname].
Hey Rachel.
Hi Liz.
Are you going to watch Celebrity Love Archipelago with us again this weekend, sir? The next episode is supposed to be a good one.