Let's check your knickers.
Sir!
Sorry Ada, but I must be thorough.
Anything hidden in your bra, Ada?
No sir!
It seems that way.
Alright, I'm satisfied you are carrying anything. You can go now.
Great, thanks.
Speak to later Ada.
Good morning Nina.
...
Still don't want to talk to me?
You know I'm a very understanding man. Whatever problems you may be having you can talk to me.
I don't care about whatever happened at your old school.
I don't have any problems! Nothing happened at my old school!
*Sigh.*
OK, fine. If you say so.
I heard the girls discussing rumours that she burnt down her old school.
However, as far as I could gather from her school records, she was never charged with arson.
It says she just stopped showing up to school after the fire and was expelled for persistent absence.
Nina has closed herself off to me and everyone else it seems.
She's always sat on her own, she doesn't join in with any social activities. Not even film nights on Fridays.
If she doesn't engage socially she's always going to be seen as an outcast.
People always find it easier to scapegoat an outcast when things go wrong.
Whether she burnt down her old school or not I can see how she was an easy person to blame for it.
Nina's social skills may be non-existent but her grades are fine at least.
She sticks to the rules so I have no particular reason to punish her.
Of course good grades are not everything and I want to help all these girls become rounded individuals.
I should really try to help her make at least one friend at the school.
I'll need to keep observing her and see how she socialises.
I should study her behaviour somewhere outside of class.
Somewhere she is forced to mingle with the other girls.
Hmmm... Somewhere like the shower room, perhaps.
OK, Nina. Let's take a look at your underwear please.
Yes sir.
You're being surprisingly compliant, Nina.
I saw what you did to the girls in class and I don't want that to happen to me.
I'm not an idiot.
I never thought that you were.
Clearly you know how to follow the underwear rules so you may carry on about your business unmolested.
How generous of you.
Turn around Nina, hands up against the lockers. I need to check you for contraband.
No.
Excuse me.
I don't want you to touch me.
Is that right?
Yeah. I don't like being touched, especially not by men.
I see. Well, that is a problem.
I'm sorry Nina, but these are extreme measures for troubling times.
The pernicious influence of illegal narcotics has wormed it's way onto campus.