No reply yet about Amy's pictures. I should check back tomorrow.
No response yet about the prostitute. I should check back tomorrow.
Great, I have an email back from the escort agency. Let's see what they said.
Holy crap. That's a lot of money!
Let's take a look at her picture at least though.
Nice, she's hot. I can see why they want to charge so much.
Well, damn. If I get a girl like that for the old bastard I think I should be able to count on his support indefinitely.
It's just a shame I won't be fucking her myself.
Well I don't have enough money at the moment. I'll need to save up then email back at a later date.
I have enough money. Do I want to make the transfer?
The old bastard is going to owe me big time. He's going to have to agree to all of my proposals once he's had a night with Candy.
Now I just need to wait for the little blue pills to be delivered on the next working day and everything will be ready.
Now I just need to order some little blue pills and everything will be ready.
I've already bought some Viagra. I should deliver the pills to Mr Wilson tonight then arrange for Candy to come the following night.
That really is a lot of money. As much I would prefer not to perhaps I should just give him the photos of Priti.
I don't need to decide now. I can always email back later.
Ah, I have an email back from the magazine dealer.
Let's see what he says.
2000 Credits?! For a magazine?!
Who pays that much for porn when you can get it for free on the internet?
Especially when it's just a men's magazine. They never show more than boobs and bums.
Still, Future Female Sports Stars certainly sounds like the right magazine.
Well, I guess I will have to pay that much if I want to see those pictures of Amy.
The guy says here that three young athletes posed for pictures. I wonder what the other two look like.
Well, I don't have enough money at the moment. Guess I'll have to save up for a while.
I do have enough money. Should I buy the magazine now?
Great. I hope this is the right one, certainly sounds like it.
He said the magazine would arrive in five working days. Guess I just need to wait for it to arrive in the post.
That is a crazy amount of money just to see my student's tits. I don't want to spend that at the moment.
I should really buy the magazine at some point though. I may need it if I am going to properly humiliate Amy, and by doing so, help her become a better student.
I'll maybe email the guy back another time.
I still need to email that guy back about Amy's pictures.
I have an email back from Mr Mykock about Jasmine and Olivia.
Great, so the school's owners want to transfer Jasmine and Olivia here.
Guess I'll just have to wait.
Re: Back Issue Magazines
Re: Date Required
Re: New School Recruits
A Tour Requested