Yes.
You bastard!
You can forget about me helping you any further at the school board!
I've arranged a date for you with a gorgeous young woman called Candy. She'll be here tomorrow night.
You have?!
I have indeed and it cost me a lot of money.
Yes, yes and the err... pills I asked for?
Is that all he has to say? Ungrateful bastard. Maybe I should teach him a lesson.
Here you go.
Hmmm... they look like the right ones.
Nah, I don't want to accidentally kill the old bastard.
What the hell is this? Not to be taken with certain heart conditions?!
You trying to kill me?!
No I...
You thought you could cheap out on the pills and I wouldn't notice?!
You could have brought them yourself if you're going to be fussy.
Get the hell out of here Mr [surname] and don't come back without some decent quality pills.
Ungrateful arsehole. I should have taught him a lesson.
Yes, here you are I got you the expensive ones of these too.
I would expect so too. Who knows what cheap pills would do to me with my heart condition.
Great, well I'll arrange everything for tomorrow night then.
Candy should be visiting you in the evening.
Excellent. If this goes well I will support any number of your outlandish suggestions at the school board.
Great. I'll need your support. Good night Charles.
So, how was your night with Candy?
Spectacular Mr [surname]. What a girl!
You have done everything that I asked for and I shall be sure to vote for all your proposals at the school board in the future.
That's good to hear because I spent a lot of money on that girl.
Well, she was worth every penny. What a night.
Was there anything else you wanted to talk about?
So, how was your night with Candy?
Well, the girl was absolutely gorgeous. Young and pretty with large breasts, just how I like them.
She sounds great.
Thing is though I can't really remember anything that happened.
What do you mean?
Well, I remember thinking about taking some of those pills you gave me and the next thing I know I'm waking up in bed.
Candy was there in a state of undress telling me how great I am in bed. No surprises there.
Only I don't really remember sleeping with her. It was the strangest thing.
Oh, well I'm sorry to hear that Charles. Still though, I lived up to my end of the bargain.
You did indeed. Candy was both young and beautiful and I must have had a great time, I just wish I could remember it.
I shall live up to my end of the bargain as well and I will provide you with whatever support you need at the school board.
Good to hear it Charles.
Was there anything else you wanted to talk about?
No, that was all.
Well then, good night Mr [surname].
{i}Time to meet with Claire and help her be more assertive.{/i}
knock knock
{i}The noise and disruption from her class is having a negative impact on the whole school.{/i}
{i}My methods are probably too advanced for her at the moment so I will start off with some basic theory and we can work our way up.{/i}
Claire is the head of the English department so she has a vote at the school board.