At the next meeting of the school board I will be proposing some changes to the girl's punishments. I was hoping to count on your support.
Yes, I was expecting as much. I know exactly what kind of changes you want to make to the rules.
You see, I was at your talk at the teachers' conference.
Oh really?
Yes, in the second row with Mr Mykock, right behind the Secretary of Education.
I saw you strip and humiliate that poor young woman. Exposing her nubile young body and sexually degrading her in front of all those people.
I see, so you don't approve of my methods?
On the contrary I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Closest I've come to getting an erection in years!
Err...
Plus it was the funniest thing to ever happen at one of those dull teachers' conferences!
You should have seen the face of the Education Secretary after they kicked you out.
She came back in and apologised. I hear she may lose her job over it.
Absolutely bloody hilarious!
Hahaha!
So does that mean I can count on your support?
Not necessarily.
Why? It's sounds like you'd enjoy the changes I plan to make.
Yes and no. As you can see I am an old man and a tad overweight.
As much as I would like to pull these young ladies' underwear down, I fear I would simply die of a heart attack on the spot.
I won't stand in your way Mr [surname] but that doesn't mean I'll give you my unconditional support.
I want something in return.
What can I do for you Charles?
Well there is a student in my class.
Yes?
She is absolutely gorgeous.
Light brown skin, tight little body, angelic face. Her breasts...
That is not really an appropriate way to talk about one of your students.
Oh come now. Don't play innocent.
I thought after that display at the conference that you of all people would understand.
If you're not interested in my help then by all means feel free to leave and we can pretend this conversation never happened.
No. Go on.
Her name is Priti.
I want you to get me something of hers...
Urrggh let me guess, you want her underwear?
What, for Christ's sake no! What am I going to do with those?
Do people often ask for such things?
In these situations. I guess...
Perhaps in some perverted video game. No, what I want may be harder to procure.
I want her email password.
What, why?
I bet there's all sorts of photos and selfies of her I can get from her social media accounts.
Who knows, maybe a bikini shot or even a nude.
This seems very intrusive and rather immoral.
I don't know why you'd think I'd be willing to help you do such a thing?
Oh, so it's only you who gets to see his students naked?
Why does everyone assume I just want to see the the girls naked?
My methods for discipline may be unusual but it's all in the best interest of the students.
Ha! You really believe that don't you? You're completely insane.
Well, it's up to you.