Any luck finding candidates to be a lab technician?
Not yet sir. Give me a little more time to ask around town.
Was there anything else sir?
Yes, actually sir I have two applicants for the position.
They are both local and can be here for an interview at short notice.
Would you like me to call them now and bring them up to your office?
Yes please.
OK sir. I'll be back shortly.
One hour later.
Hi sir. The first applicant is here.
Her name is Anna Dixon. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you.
Hello Anna, my name is Mr [surname].
Hello Mr [surname]. Thank you for inviting me here for an interview.
You're welcome Anna. So we are looking for a lab technician to assist the science teacher here.
Could you please tell me a little more about any relevant experience you may have?
Well, I have a masters degree in chemistry and I spent last summer working as a lab assistant.
Oh, well then you are perhaps a little over qualified if you don't mind me saying.
What makes you want to work as a school technician?
Well, I grew up around here and recently had to move back to help care for my elderly father.
I'm looking some part-time work to help pay the bills.
There is literally no work in the local area so I'd be happy to take whatever is available.
I see, well I'm not actually able to offer much in the way of payment.
But for a candidate with your qualifications I could make an exception.
It would only be a couple of hours work a day so I could offer 100 per week.
Would that be acceptable?
Yes, that would be fine.
A couple of hours work a day would suit me perfectly as I need to be at home most of the time to look after my father.
OK, well you seem like an excellent candidate.
I have one more person to interview. My assistant Samantha will call you later to let you know if you have been successful.
Thank you Mr [surname].
Well, she seemed perfect. I was hoping the candidate would settle for accommodation only.
I would need to pay Anna 100 per week out of my own salary.
However she would be a huge asset to the science department and Miss Chang would certainly be grateful.
Hello sir. The next candidate is here.
You look concerned Samantha.
Well I'm sorry sir, there weren't many applicants for the job.
This candidate doesn't seem like the highest calibre.
No problem Samantha. I understand. Send her in and I will interview her anyway.
OK sir. She said her name is Trixie Star.
I see. Well, send her in.
Hello Trixie. My name is Mr [surname].
Oh hiya handsome.
This is some real fancy place ya got here.
Thank you. Where are you from Trixie? That's an interesting accent you have there.
'Merica.
America? Which state?
Tennessee.
Now you know we are interviewing for the position of lab technician?
Can you tell me what relevant work experience you have?