An inexperienced practitioner cannot tell when a student has been properly punished or if they're just pretending.
I suppose that makes sense...
Trust me. I am an expert after all.
Yes of course, you've proved that you know what your talking about. If you think this will help...
I do. In the next session I will give you a spanking as I would one of the girls.
Once you've experienced the process yourself you will be much more confident in doing it to the students.
Thank you [cname]. I can't wait to be able to control my class a little more.
If this will help then I am all for it.
Excellent. It's getting late now though and I think that's all the time we have for today.
No problem. Let me show you to the door.
Good night [cname]. See you tomorrow at school.
Thank you again for all your help.
No problem Claire. Oh, but just one more thing though.
Yes?
I think for our next session it would be best if you dressed appropriately.
If you are to play the part of a schoolgirl I really think you should be dressed as one.
Really?
Oh yes. It is important to get yourself into the mind of one of the students.
Well OK. I don't have a school uniform but I can see if I can come up with something similar.
Excellent. Good night Claire.
Good night [cname].
So are you ready for the next phase of your training?
Yes but I am rather nervous.
I have never been spanked before so I don't know what to expect.
Indeed. That is an important lesson in itself.
The anticipation of a painful event is often far worse than the event itself.
Don't worry Claire. I will go easy on you this evening.
I know this can seem daunting but with repeat sessions you will become accustomed to the process.
You mean we will need to do this more than once?
Yes of course. You can not be expected to become a master after only one session.
I will need to gradually introduce you to new techniques.
Once you are confident enough I will supervise you while you're punishing one of the girls.
I understand. If this is what must be done.
Did you manage to get a hold of a school uniform?
I couldn't find one of our school uniforms to wear but I found an old costume from my university days.
I'm sure it will suffice.
OK, I'll just go and change.
A few minutes later.
Oh wow.
I'm so sorry [cname], this was the best outfit I could come up with.
I remember this fitting a lot better when I was younger.
I can't believe I ever went to a party dressed like this.
That is quite all right. The costume is simply to help you to get in the mind of a student who is about to be punished.
If the outfit makes you uncomfortable then it is having its desired effect.
Oh well I definitely feel quite uncomfortable at the moment.
I would never normally expect to be dressed like this in front of my boss who is about to spank me.
Yes I appreciate that this quite unusual but I'm afraid given your lack of experience in this area I can't see any other way around it.
Yes, of course you're right. I realise that you are an expert and I trust that this is necessary.
Ehem, yes. Absolutely necessary...
I know, it's just really embarrassing is all.