Seriously?! Fine, if that is what it takes to get your support I'll get you some Viagra and a prostitute.
The old pervert should have just asked for this in the fucking first place.
OK. That may go some way to fixing things.
But right now I'm really angry with you and I think you should leave.
Fine. I'll leave. I'll see what I can do about your new request.
Where the hell am I supposed to find a young and attractive prostitute around here?
I should ask Trixie. She might know someone in town.
Where the hell am I supposed to find a young and attractive prostitute around here?
I have no fucking clue!
About those photos you wanted of Priti.
What about them?
Well keep trying Mr [surname]. Otherwise I won't be providing you with any additional support at the school board.
Now was there anything else you wanted to talk about?
About those photos you wanted of Priti.
What about them?
Against my better judgement, I've decided to take the photos.
Excellent. I look forward to seeing them. Was there anything else you wanted?
I have the naked photos of Priti
You do?! Quickly, quickly, let me see them.
Wait you remember our deal?
Yes, yes of course. I'll support more of your proposals at the school board.
Now hurry, let me see those pictures!
Good god!
You did it. You really did it!
These photos are amazing! Not only did you have her pose in a tiny bikini but you actually photographed her masturbating in your office.
You sir, are some kind of perverted genius!
I salute you!
Oh!
What's the matter.
I felt something move. Down there.
Quickly, get the fuck out of here! This is the first erection I've had in a long time.
I don't to intend to waste it.
Gladly, I've no intention to stick around for this.
Just make sure to remember our deal.
Oh yes! Keep up this kind of good work and I'll agree to anything you want!
Now quickly get out!
Mr Wilson was extremely pleased with the photographs. {color=ffd700}Influence{/color} +2
You've reached the end of Charles' story line for this update.
She looks so upset though. Where is that gorgeous smile of hers?
Oh well. I asked for it and I have received it.
I thank you very much.
Now if you don't mind I wish to have some alone time with these photos.
I can only hope they'll finally rouse the python. If you catch my meaning.
Um yes. Unfortunately I do. I'll be off then. See you around.
Mr Wilson was grateful for the photos even if they did not quite live up to expectations. You have gained one point of {color=ffd700}Influence{/color} at the school board.
You've reached the end of Charles story line for this update.
I'm sorry Charles I've changed my mind.
What do you mean?
Priti is a sweet young woman. I won't betray her trust by giving you these pictures.
Wait, you mean you have the pictures but won't give them to me?!