Indeed they are. What do you propose we do?
I suggest we implement a program to monitor the girls' weight to make sure they are not deliberately undereating.
Yes, this is very sensible. You have my approval to implement this plan.
Great, I will make appointments for each girls to visit me for a quick medical once per week in my office.
No. We can not have the girls disappearing off one by one during lesson time.
That would be too disruptive to their studies.
It would be better to get each class seen to at the same time.
Sorry?
I suggest that we have each class line up for weighing every Thursday morning in the gymnasium.
Do you think you can handle that?
Err... Yes I could but wouldn't it be better to give the girls some privacy...
No. I don't believe that will be necessary.
Very well, if you insist.
Excellent. Was there anything else you needed?
No, that's all for now. See you later.
It looks like the nurse has all the girls together for their weekly weighing. I should see how she's getting on.
Let's see April, only 98 pounds. Are you sure you're eating properly?
Yes nurse Kate. I've always just been naturally thin.
Well OK but you be careful not to lose any weight between now and when I weigh you again next week.
Good morning.
Good morning headmaster.
How is it going? Are all the girls at a healthy weight?
Some of them are rather skinny but as long as their weight is stable they should be fine.
I'll know if there are any issues after I've reweighed them next week.
How are you managing, seeing them all together?
Well, thank you. I was a little sceptical at first when you said to weigh all the girls at the same time. But actually this is working out quite well.
It will give me lots more time over the rest of the week for my other duties.
Good. I'm glad to hear it.
And how is the general health of the girls?
They all seem very healthy headmaster but I haven't been doing a thorough examination.
Hmmm... perhaps this could present a good opportunity to monitor the general health of the girls.
Along with the girls' weight maybe it would be helpful to check for other possible health issues?
Oh, yes that sounds like a good idea.
From the next session I will start to monitor their heart rates and blood pressure.
There are several health conditions I could be on the lookout for as well.
Good. You are the medical expert. I will leave that up to you.
When you are done with the girls please get them over to their lessons as soon as possible.
Yes of course. See you later headmaster.
This must be the old man's house. Let's see if he's in.
Knock knock
Here he comes now. Let's hope I can persuade him to support me at the school board.
Hello Mr [surname]. It is a pleasure to at last meet you in person.
Likewise Mr Wilson.
Oh, please call me Charles.
Come in, sit down.
So what brings you to my humble abode?
Well, I wanted to know your opinion on changing some of the school's rules.
Oh yes, which areas in particular?
Well, I'm sure you are aware discipline at the school is seriously low.
The current policies are not having the desired effect.