Persistent talkers can then be separated. Distractions can be eliminated.
You spend the evening going through theories of discipline and assertiveness.
You make some progress but still have a long way to go. You'll need to keep up the training.
For today's lesson I wanted to talk to you about the importance of being consistent with your expectations and consequences.
If you threaten a girl with punishment for a certain behaviour then you must give that punishment every time the rule is broken.
If you let some girls get away with things then your punishments seem arbitrary and the girls will resent you.
You spend the evening going through theories of discipline and assertiveness.
You make some progress but still have a long way to go. You'll need to keep up the training.
You spend the evening going through theories of discipline and assertiveness.
Well done Claire, I think you are starting to make some progress.
You think so?
Yes, let's sit back on the sofas and discuss the next phase of your training.
So, you have demonstrated an understanding of the basic theories but you need to be able to use them in practice.
In our next session we will do a little role play.
I will play the part of myself and you will play the part of a student.
We will run through the correct way to address a student when telling them off.
OK. That makes sense.
Although, I think the role play will work best if there is some element of reality.
Do you have any bad habits or behaviours you would like help correcting?
Oh... I'm not sure.
It's OK Claire you don't need to be shy. You can tell me.
Well, I do have a bad habit of spending too much of my money doing online shopping.
I see.
I only seem to wear half the outfits I buy and I have more shoes than I know what to do with.
Yes that is a problem. OK Claire, I can help you with this and teach you about discipline at the same time.
That would be wonderful [cname].
Thank you for your help today. I feel a little more assertive already.
Good to hear. We'll begin the next phase of your training another night.
OK, good night [cname].
So Claire, have you been doing any shopping lately?
Yes. I'm ashamed to admit it but I spent my whole week's wages on clothes.
Were these purchases necessary?
Well, I did really need a new handbag.
What was wrong with your old one?
Oh well, it didn't go well with the dress I bought for myself.
A new dress? Did you need a new dress?
Well, yes. I had nothing to go with the pair of shoes I bought last week, you see, and I really liked those shoes.
Hmmm... So let me get this straight. You bought yourself a new pair of shoes?
Uh huh.
Then you had to buy a dress to go with them?
Yes.
And then you had to buy a new bag to match the dress?
Yes. Although now that I think about it the bag doesn't go well with the shoes so I may have to buy a different pair.
Hmmm... I'm beginning to see why this is such a problem.
Well it's just a little thing really, I don't think it's that big of a deal.
No no Claire. This is very important.
It is?
Oh yes. This is a manifestation of your own lack of discipline and self control.
You must learn to master your own impulses before you can hope to control the girls.
You think so?