Mr Wilson will be busy with Candy. I've no desire to see that.
Miss Potts doesn't seem to be at home. I wonder where she is?
Miss Chang doesn't seem to be at home. She's probably in her classroom.
Miss Newman doesn't seem to be at home.
Miss Newman's apartment will be added in a future update.
Time to get to work.
I'll head into the office first and check in with my PA Samantha.
Then I'll need to decide what to do this morning.
My first order of business at this school must to be improve discipline.
If there is one thing I discovered last night at the dorm rooms it's that the girls are not studying after lessons.
It doesn't matter how well we teach them, if the girls aren't doing their homework then their grades will decline.
I must clamp down on bad behaviour and send a clear signal to the girls that I mean business.
Good morning girls.
Girls" "Good morning sir.
Hopefully once I have improved discipline the girls will be more obedient and will study when told.
It's going to be tempting to go easy on them to improve my popularity but there will be time for that later.
I also need to focus on getting the staff on my side. I'll need their support at the school board if I'm going to change the school's rules.
Good morning Miss Newman. Good morning Miss Potts.
Good morning sir.
Good morning Mr [surname].
The English teacher, Miss Potts, is struggling to control her class. I should visit her apartment in the evening to give her lessons on discipline.
I haven't met the maths teacher, Mr Wilson, yet. Hopefully he'll be on board with the changes I plan to make at the school board. I'll need to visit his apartment in the evenings to discuss my proposals.
Good morning girls.
Girls" "Good morning sir.
Miss Chang requested that I upgrade the science facilities. To do that I'll need money.
The school's owners have promised to transfer funds every time girls are punished in my office. I'll need to keep an eye out for girls misbehaving around the school.
Good morning Debbie. Good morning Cassandra.
I should also receive a wage at the end of each week from Mr Mykock.
Come along girls.
It's time for your lessons.
You have a new main quest with multiple objectives. Use the button in the top left to open up the UI and navigate to the quest screen to view your remaining objectives.
Knock knock
Come in.
Hello Mr [surname].
Nurse Kate. How nice to meet you, finally. How are you this morning?
Hello again nurse Kate. How are you this morning?
I'm very good thank you sir.
Good to hear. How can I be of assistance?
I wanted to talk to you about an important health issue amongst the girls. Do you have a moment?
Yes, of course. I always have time for my students' well-being. What seems to be the trouble?
Well, I'm worried about the students' weight.
Their weight?! I haven't noticed any overweight students.
That's not what I'm worried about. I'm concerned about how skinny some of the girls are.
Surely that's perfectly normal for girls in their late teens?
Not really. I'm worried that the girls have issues with their body image and they aren't eating properly.
There is nothing wrong with curves on the female body.
Wouldn't you say headmaster?
Ehem... yes. Nothing wrong with curves...
You put this many troubled young women together and there are bound to be problems.
Eating disorders are a very serious issue.