Absolutely. This is a bad habit and must be dealt with.
I'm going to tell you off now like I would one of the girls.
Please pay attention to my words, my tone of voice and my posture.
Yes [cname].
No. In these sessions you will address me as sir.
Oh, erm. Yes sir.
Now stand up.
You spend some time scolding Miss Potts for her bad habits.
My goodness, that was quite a telling off.
I'm sorry to put you through that Claire but I don't see any other way for you to learn.
That's OK [cname], I understand that it's a necessary part of my training.
I think that's enough for today though. We shall continue your lessons another night.
Yes, it is getting rather late. Let me see you out.
OK Claire. I'm going to tell you off again now. Remember watch my posture and listen carefully to my words and tones of voice.
Yes sir.
Now Claire, when telling off a student it is important not to lose your temper.
You must convey your displeasure without revealing your own emotions.
Explain to the student exactly what they have done wrong and present to them the correct alternative for their behaviour.
As before, listen to my tone of voice and watch my posture.
You spend some time scolding Miss Potts for her bad habits.
My goodness, that was quite a telling off.
I'm sorry to put you through that Claire but I don't see any other way for you to learn.
I think that's enough for your lesson today though.
I think before we continue further you will need to put what I have already taught you into practice.
I will stop by your classroom soon to check how you are dealing with the girls.
OK Mr [surname]. Hopeful I don't embarrass myself.
I think you'll do fine. Just remember to be confident. For now though is getting rather late. I should be heading off.
No problem. See you soon, Mr [surname].
You did very well standing up to Debbie.
Thank you. I couldn't have done it without you. I can't wait for you to teach me more.
Excellent. So the next step will be to work on something more practical.
What do you mean?
Well you know the basics now of how to be assertive and how to tell off one of your students.
You demonstrated this ability well with Debbie.
However, there will always be times when your students do not respond to words.
You must be ready to back up any threats with real punishment.
You were very lucky Debbie backed down when she did. If you were not prepared to carry out your threat to spank her then the class would never take you seriously again.
You're right [cname]. Does this mean I need to learn how to give a spanking?
Yes.
I'm not sure I'm ready for that yet.
I'm afraid I must concur. You are not yet ready to spank one of the students.
What do you propose?
You lack the necessary confidence because you lack experience.
I suggest I demonstrate the process here.
Demonstrate? On who?
Why, on you of course.
Me?!
Yes, you said yourself you were never spanked when you were younger.
If you've never received corporal punishment then how can you be expected to understand how it feels?
How can you be expected to know when to stop?