Do I detect a hint of jealousy?
Jealous of some young bimbo? Ha! Don't make me laugh. Looks are nothing compared to intellect.
You don't look that much older than her.
I have told you already. I am much older than I look.
How old are you?
Don't you know it is the height of rudeness to ask a lady's age?
My apologies.
Apology accepted.
Sally said that you were performing cruel experiments on enemy soldiers. Is that true?
The word cruel is implies that our motives were malicious. However, nothing could be further from the truth.
Our research assisted in the development of new battlefield medicine and no doubt helped saved the lives of countless soldiers.
Our work was done with the noblest of intentions.
However, from the point of view of the men we cut up and then sewed back together I imagine they saw things a little differently.
Wow, that's a little dark...
She said you were also performing strange experiments, injecting soldiers with animal DNA?
Ah yes! That was some of my finest work.
A temporary infusion of animal DNA that gave soldiers extraordinary strength and endurance.
That sounds amazing.
It was. Although actually there were a lot of side effects.
Such as?
Mostly harmless cosmetic changes although there were also cases of blindness, permanent loss of memory, kidney failure and sometimes death.
Those sound like pretty serious side effects.
Yes, but I was so close to eliminating them. Sadly the military shut down my research just before I could perfect the formula.
Perhaps someday I will be able to continue my work.
Yes but maybe try not to kill anyone next time.
I always try my best not to Mr [surname] but science is never without its risks.
So everything Sally said about Miss Chang is true. She was performing strange experiments.
She didn't even try to deny it. Maybe she is as dangerous as everyone says.
Now was there anything else you wanted to speak about?
So tell me about the old headmaster. What was he like?
Uh, what a tedious man. God this and God that. He tried to talk to me about religion one time.
Ha! I am a woman of science! I have no time for superstition.
Do you know what happened to him?
Supposedly he fell into a ravine whilst out hiking in the woods nearby.
Do you think there was anything suspicious about his death?
Why do you ask?
No specific reason. It's just as a general rule if your predecessor dies in mysterious circumstances it's probably best to find out why.
If there is something dangerous going on I would like to know about it.
Why do you suspect danger?
Well, it's just there is something very strange about how this school was founded.
Hundreds of girls signed over by their parents to a private institution.
There must be some very rich and powerful people who helped set this up.
I fear that there is more to their motives than just wanting to improve standards in schools.
Perhaps the old headmaster discovered something he shouldn't have or maybe he just wasn't cooperative enough.
Maybe I'm being paranoid.
If you have so many concerns why did you take the job?
I have my reasons. Mostly I want to prove my theories on discipline to the academic community.
This was too good an opportunity to turn down.
It's true that this is a highly unusual school. Although I can't say I've given it much thought.
As to what happen to the old headmaster. I honestly don't care.