I'm not particularly technically minded. You'll need to figure that out for yourself I'm afraid. Just summon her to your office and maybe you'll come up with something.
Was there anything else?
Yes, I have it. I wrote it down for you here.
Fantastic! Very well done! I shall enjoy looking at her account tonight.
So I can count or your support at the next board meeting?
Of course. As long as it's not too extreme mind you!
Sure thing. I think it will be easier to introduce my methods incrementally.
I learned the hard way that people aren't ready to accept them yet.
They will be though once they see how effective they are.
I wish you good luck with that Mr [surname].
Let us speak more on this another night.
Right now I have a young woman's social media to spy on.
Sure thing. Good night Charles.
So are you happy with what you found on Priti's email and social media?
Oh yes! There were some real gems on there. She is quite adorable.
I agree.
But to be honest it was a little unsatisfying.
How so?
Well there was not so much as a hint of a nipple or even a decent camel toe.
Those photos just left me wanting more.
Well I'm sorry to disappoint but a deal is a deal regardless.
That's true and I will uphold my end and provide some support at the school board.
Up to a point.
I sense another request coming.
Oh you are a smart one, aren't you?
Yes, there is something else you can get for me.
I will be certain to vote for even more outlandish proposals.
What is your price?
I want nude photos of Priti.
What?!
Good ones too. Close ups. Not some blurry candid shots.
How do you suggest I go about this?
You'll need to buy yourself a high definition camera.
I mean how am I supposed to convince her to strip off and pose for photos?
I don't know. Maybe order her naked for a punishment and then take the pictures.
School rules don't allow me to strip the girls naked.
Also Priti is a model student. I have no reason to punish her.
Well, you'll have to think of something if you want my support in the future.
Fine, I'll see what I can do.
Excellent.
Now was there anything else you wanted to talk about?
Look, I'm sorry. Priti is a sweet and innocent young woman. I can't betray her trust.
There must be something else I can do for you?
Maybe I can find another more willing women to photograph?
Maybe I can find a prostitute in the town?
A whore!? I wanted photos of that innocent beauty not some cheap old tart!
What if I find someone beautiful?
If you want to pass me off with some hooker then I want a lot more than pictures!
I want the full works! With someone young and attractive.
Errrr... I may also need some little blue pills, if you know what I mean.