Oh, well I only ever had the one job before Mr and I don't know if it's relevant.
And what job was that?
Dancer.
Oh, well I am a big fan of the arts. What kind of dancing? Tap? Ballet?
No, lap mostly. Some pole.
I see.
Do you have experience working in education?
I did a dance routine once dressed as schoolgirl.
Err... that's not really what I had in mind.
What about your academic background? Did you study science at school?
I didn't go to school. My mama home schooled me.
She were a great teacher. I don't read or write too well but I know all sorts of useful things.
Such as?
I can hotwire a car.
No doubt a useful skill but not much help to a school lab technician, I'm afraid.
Look, I know I don't have no fancy quali... qualifac...
Qualifications?
Yeah! I know I ain't got none of those.
But I really need this! I heard this job comes with a room. That's all I'll want.
Please Mr.
I don't need no pay. I just need to get away from my asshole, soon-to-be-ex-boyfriend.
I can't believe I let that loser convince me to move across the ocean. Just 'cos he sounded all fancy and European.
I thought everyone in this country lived in castles and had a butler but he just lives in a normal house!
Now he expects me to cook and clean.
Well, uh uh. That ain't me.
So what do you say? Help a girl out?
Hmmm... Trixie is totally unqualified for the position but I can let her stay in a spare apartment on campus and I won't have to pay her.
Anna is a fully trained scientist but I will need to pay her out of my own salary.
Which candidate to go for, I wonder?
I can see you're uncertain sugar. Would it help you decide if I...
...sucked your cock?
Erm... Yes. I think that would make my decision a little easier.
OK then. Get ready for an awesome blowjob.
I'm gonna suck you dry.
Then you can give me that room. How does that sound?
Yes, that would be a suitable arrangement.
OK, well you just sit in the middle of the room here and make yourself comfortable.
This is rather unprofessional of me but I've been suffering with such blue balls since moving to this school. I kind of need this.
Plus, what's the harm? I get a blow job and Trixie will work here for free. Seems like a win-win situation.
Do you like what you see sugar?
Let me put on a little show for you.
Hmmmm... I bet you'd like to see these wouldn't you?
Well it's your lucky day darlin'.
Mmmmmm... let's see what your packin' here.
Oh my, you're a big boy aren't you?
Mmmm yeah, let me suck that big fat cock.
Oh, she's good. This woman knows what she's doing.
I'm not going to last long if she keeps this up.
Are you going to cum for me darlin'? Want to do it in my mouth or on my face?
Sure thing sugar.