I would simply install a keylogger on that person's computer and record their keystrokes.
That's how I used to get the passwords of all my employees.
Um... dare I ask why?
Do you want to tell me why you are asking this question?
As I said, I was merely speaking hypothetically.
Ah yes, of course.
I have a further question for you.
Say I wanted to obtain one of these keylogger programs...
Ha! Hypothetically, I could provide you with one.
Erm, so could I have it?
Since you have improved the science facilities I will let you have it.
Thanks.
Here simply type this command into your computer and you will have access to the program. I installed it there some time ago.
My computer?! You've been spying on me?
Of course.
Well, can you stop?
If it makes you feel better, I'll say that I have stopped.
That doesn't make me feel better.
Was there anything else you needed from me?
Erm, so could I have it?
You have still not improved the science facilities.
Tell me why I should help you? Hypothetically or otherwise.
OK, that's a fair point. I'm working on saving money for the upgrade. Just give me a little more time.
Saving money? Are the school's purse strings really that tight?
The financial arrangements at this school are somewhat complicated.
Well, whatever the circumstances I won't help you until I have that equipment.
So you said that you had installed a keylogger on my computer back when the old headmaster was still in charge.
Yes.
Does that mean you have the old headmasters password?
What do you need that for?
To read some files he left on my computer. So do you have it?
Yes, I remember it.
What was it then?
I can help you Mr [surname], but I want something in return.
More help with the science department?
No, this is a personal matter. I want you to help me play a trick on someone.
A trick?
Yes. A harmless little joke on someone deserving.
On who?
That big-titted bimbo sports teacher.
Sally? She's a loyal employee, why would I play a trick on her?!
You want that password don't you?
Yes but isn't there anything else you want?
A particle accelerator.
Sorry?
A quantum computer.
I don't think...
A state of the art laboratory staffed with hundreds of world class scientists!
These are things that I want Mr [surname]. In their absence I must find other ways to amuse myself.
Either help me play this trick or you can forget about getting that password off of me.