You're free to fire me for being an old pervert.
But what will happen then?
You get a replacement.
Probably some dull old crone who will have no interest in helping you change the school's rules.
Or we could work together. You get me what I want and I'll help you in return.
Sounds fair, no?
OK, I'll help you.
Excellent.
Get me what I need and at the next board meeting I will agree to some of your proposals.
Some of them?
Oh yes, you didn't think this would be all I want from you?
Well, what else do you want?
Get me what I've asked for and we can talk more then.
Fine. You drive a hard bargain Charles. I will do my best to get her password.
I'll need to summon Priti to my office during school hours
Then somehow figure out a way to get her login details. I have no idea how to steal someone's password though.
I'll need to speak to someone who knows more about computers. Maybe I should ask Miss Chang.
You have a new staff quest. Use the UI button in the top left and navigate to staff quests to view your objectives.
I'd better be going now Charles. I'll see you at school.
Good night Mr [surname].
Contrary to what everyone seems to believe I am not some amoral pervert.
Sorry Charles, but I cannot help you with this.
Huh, well whatever. Good luck changing the rules without my help.
If you change your mind come and talk to me again.
Otherwise our business here is concluded.
Good night to you, Mr [surname].
Hmmmm... As much as it pains me to help the old creep I will definitely struggle without his support. I'm not sure I'm currently in a position to refuse his requests.
Knock knock
Good evening Mr [surname]. Please come in, sit down.
So, what did you want to talk to me about?
How did you end up teaching at this school?
Well, I was a teacher at a big city school for many years. I worked my way up to the head of the Maths department.
Unfortunately, I was victim to some entirely false accusations of misconduct.
The school fired me without those girls providing a shred of evidence. They said they didn't want the bad publicity.
I was unemployed for some time after that.
Then one day I was invited by the Department of Education to interview for a job at this school.
Apparently they were having trouble finding candidates for the position.
So here I am. One of the few idiots willing to travel into the mountains to work for peanuts with some of the worst students in the country.
Hahaha!
No offence to you headmaster.
Hmmm... None taken.
What are your thoughts on the other staff here?
They are an interesting bunch are they not?
Particularly Miss Chang. I understand she used to be a renowned scientist.
She must have done something truly horrible to have ended up here.
Do you know what she did?
No idea but whatever it was they are desperate to stop her from doing it again.
The old headmaster told me never to give her anything electronic.
He said never give that woman as much as some copper wire or she'll reduce the school to a pile of rubble with her experiments.
Do you think that's true?