I barely had time to devise my own experiments.
It occurred to me that perhaps there was a way to help my colleagues keep up with me.
Did you know, Mr [surname], that the human brain uses only a tiny fraction of its true potential at any one time?
I am a psychologist, I have a pretty good understanding of the human brain.
Then have you ever wondered what the mind could achieve if all that potential could be unlocked at once?
I suppose.
I devised a formula which allowed more parts of the brain to be used simultiously.
Experiments on animals proved highly successful with no obvious side effects so I decided to add some of the formula to my staffs' water supply.
You were dosing your coworkers with experimental mind altering drugs?
It sounds bad when you put it that way.
It sounds bad anyway you put it.
The drugs worked absolutely perfectly. Everyone's work improved and we started to make some major breakthroughs.
What went wrong?
It's difficult to speculate exactly, however, I believe the drug did not mix well with another compound.
My guess is someone added some narcotic to the punch bowl at the annual staff social.
What happened?
Almost half my staff collapsed and entered into a coma.
And what about the other half?
They went on a murderous rampage. Then collapsed and went into a coma.
A murderous rampage? I thought you said no one died?
A bending of truth. I said all my test subjects were still alive.
Sadly the same can not be said for the caterers.
Or that poor mariachi band.
So what happened to all your employees?
As far as I know they are all still in a persistent vegetative state.
How many people?
Three hundred and seventy two of the countries best and brightest scientists.
Dear god. No wonder they wanted to lock you up.
So, now you know.
Err... Please don't test out any experimental drugs at this school.
I wasn't planning on it.
You haven't drugged me with anything already have you?
No!
You accidentally poison a few hundred coworkers and suddenly you are under constant suspicion.
Well, yes. I think that's fair enough quite frankly.
Miss Chang's mad genius combined with her total disregard for human life make her extremely dangerous.
Still, she does seem remorseful for her actions. Perhaps she is not totally beyond redemption.
I want to know more about your history. Tell me about the experiment which led to you being sent here?
That is a difficult topic for me to talk about Mr [surname].
Perhaps after we have gotten to know each other a little better I will tell you about my most painful and humiliating failure.
Can we discuss something else for now?
Of course.
So I can't help but notice that you and Sally don't really seem to get along.
No, I never liked that woman.
You said you didn't remember her.
I lied. I do remember her.
A woman with those proportions tends to stick in one's mind.
She was a young soldier stationed at one of my research bases and she was a persistent distraction for my scientists.
Imagine trying to run research station filled with mostly men when there is such a shapely beauty wandering around.
Productivity dropped significantly the day she arrived.