Hopefully if I can help her control her class she will be willing to vote for the changes I plan to make.
Good evening Mr [surname]
Good evening Claire.
Please come in and take a seat [cname].
Oh, I see your living room is identical to mine.
Yes, I believe all the staff have identical apartments.
That seems like pretty lazy design work.
Yes, I think they had to cut a lot of corners when building this place.
Have you noticed how all the appliances have Japanese writing?
Yes, I did think that was a little odd.
Anyway, I came here to help provide you with some training.
Yes, thank you for offering to help me control my class.
No problem. So before we begin, I want to know a little bit more about yourself.
Oh well, there's not much to tell really. I've been a teacher for about five years.
My old school was a private girls school in the city. The girls were all very bright and well behaved.
The school was closed down last year after a fire destroyed the campus.
A fire?
Yes. It was a real tragedy to lose the buildings although fortunately no one was injured.
Then a little while later I was invited to come to this school.
Moving up into the mountains wouldn't have been my first choice.
But when I heard that these were troubled girls and that this was their last chance for a decent education...
Well, I just thought maybe I should try to help them. That I could make a difference.
That is very noble of you.
Now I see I was being foolish. I can't help these girls. I can't even get them to settle down in lessons.
Hmmm... So at your old school the girls were always well behaved?
Yes. I never had to punish any of them.
Never? Hmmm... I see. Could you also tell me a little about your childhood?
Did you have any experience giving or receiving discipline when you were younger?
Oh no. I was always a good girl.
What about your brothers or sisters?
I didn't have any. I was an only child.
How about when you were at school? Did you ever get in trouble then?
No. I was always well behaved and I always did my homework.
Hmmm... I think I'm beginning to understand the problem.
You are an exemplary woman Claire. If everyone were like you the world would be a better place.
Thank you.
However, your perfect behaviour in your youth has given you no experience of discipline.
Without that experience you simply do not have the ability to deal with bad behaviour by your students.
So you think I'm a lost cause?
Not at all. It just means we have a lot of work to do.
So you still think you can help me?
Oh yes. First things first we will need to start you off with some basic theories.
Once you have mastered those we will move to some more practical lessons.
By the time I am finished with you Claire you will have no trouble controlling your class.
You really think so?
I do. As I said before, this happens to be one of my areas of expertise.
Amazing! We are so lucky to have you at this school.
Thank you. However, I don't think we have time to begin tonight.
I will need to prepare a lesson plan.
That's no problem.