It can be. The trains are pretty unreliable. Some nights I stay with Sally at her apartment.
Sleeping on the sofa?
Something like that.
That is kind of her to put you up, so you two are friends as well as colleagues?
Yes. We have a lot in common.
Good. It's nice to see my employees getting on with one another.
Well, don't let me keep you Izzy. I'll be seeing you later.
Morning Sally. How's it going?
Good thanks. All the girls are having their medicals in the gymnasium so I've got a bit of free time.
Ah yes, of course the nurse spoke to me about monitoring the girls' weight.
Well, enjoy your break Sally. I'll see you later.
Hello Paul. Good of you to stop by. To what do I owe the pleasure?
Good afternoon [name]. I'm afraid this is not a social call. I have very important business.
How can I be of service?
I was going through some of the invoices from the school's account and I noticed something concerning.
Yes?
I realise that when we last spoke I neglected to mention a very important detail about this school.
I assume you've met the science teacher Miss Chang?
Yes, I have. A most interesting woman.
Indeed! You have no idea.
My concern is that some scientific equipment appears to have been ordered from the school's contractor.
Yes, I felt the school's science facilities were inadequate.
We can hardly be expected to teach the girls science without basic equipment.
I understand your reasoning and the mistake is mine for not warning you.
You see, an arrangement was made between the school's owners and the government that Miss Chang would be held at this facility.
However, we made a promise that she would not be allowed to conduct any experiments.
Held here? Why?
She is a brilliant scientist and was once the very best in her field.
However she is quite unstable.
Her work often crossed what most would consider reasonable ethical boundaries.
What did she do?
It's best you don't know the details for now, perhaps she will tell you herself in time.
She was due to face a lengthy trial and would most likely have faced life imprisonment.
However, the school's owners decided to intervene.
They were able to take custody of her. She was given a new name and placed in this remote facility.
Why?
One of the owners owed her very great debt you see.
Her research saved his son from a rare genetic disorder.
Without her the boy would be paralyzed. Instead he is living a normal and happy life.
It is the hope of the owners that one day she can be rehabilitated.
That her brilliant mind can be put to more good use.
For now, however, she remains too unstable. Her time as head of advanced sciences has left her quite mad with power.
It was hoped that placing her to teach girls science would help her to regain some of her lost humanity.
So now you understand why I am so concerned?
I do. Do you need me to sell the equipment?
This is a difficult question. There is only so much harm she can do with basic school equipment after all.
I will leave it up you. However, consider yourself warned.
Miss Chang is dangerous.
Yes, I understand. I have a question though.
Yes?