The man despised me and wouldn't let me conduct any experiments.
I was not sad to hear of his death.
That is cold.
You will find that I am a woman who has no time for social niceties. I always speak my mind.
Well, I think we should probably change the topic of conversation.
So have you been able to order the new equipment I was after?
Not yet. I will let you know as soon as it's been ordered.
Hmmm... Please do not delay. I need that equipment.
Was there anything else?
Yes, the equipment is ordered. It should be here soon.
Very good. You have my gratitude and of course my support at the next board meeting.
Thank you, your support will be invaluable.
Now if you don't mind I have to continue with my calculations.
I cannot wait to test out some of the ideas I've had recently.
OK but just remember what you promised. Your experiments must not harm either the staff or the students.
Of course! Goodnight Mr [surname].
Good night Miss Chang.
I have another request for you.
How may I be of assistance?
Oh please. We're all friends now. Call me Sue.
How may I be of assistance Sue?
Well, I was hoping to convince you to improve the science facilities yet further.
What do you need this time?
Well, to be honest cleaning all the test tubes and beakers after every lesson is tedious.
I would like for you to hire a lab technician.
I see, that would be quite a cost. I would need to speak to Mr Mykock.
No! You cannot tell Mr Mykock.
If you tell him he will suspect that I am performing experiments again.
He would inform his bosses and they would make life even more difficult for me.
You know who Mykock works for?
No. But they must be well connected and powerful people.
Otherwise they would not put an extremely valuable government asset such as myself here.
Hmmm... so I'd need to find the money for a technician myself?
It would not necessarily be expensive. Science graduates are notoriously poorly paid.
They wouldn't even need much in the way of training.
An intern or apprentice would suffice. They could work for room and board.
Plus the chance to learn from a world renowned scientist.
Not that you'll be able to advertise that fact.
I can see how a lab technician would help with the girls education.
I will look into your request but you will owe me.
Of course.
I will continue to provide support at the school board.
OK, Sue we have a deal. I will be on my way now.
Thank you and good night.
I should summon Samantha to my office during school hours and ask her to advertise for a lab technician role.
I have a random hypothetical question for you.
Yes?
Say you wanted to know someone's email password without them knowing. How would you go about obtaining it?
A random hypothetical question you say?
Yes.