You remember the compound I was designing to remove plastic waste from the ocean?
Well, I managed to create it. However, it seems to be a little unstable.
Some of the compound must have become airborne and spread around the class.
All synthetic materials were rapidly dissolved.
It would appear most of the girls have cheap nylon uniforms and underwear. All they would be left with are their leather shoes.
I see. So that explains why my clothes were unaffected.
Indeed. My compound works exactly as intended!
Also, fortunately for me I always wear cotton underwear.
Ah, although it seems the bra clasp is made of plastic.
You promised your experiments would not endanger anyone.
I have stuck to my word. No one is in any real danger.
I suppose that's true.
So what do you plan to do with your compound?
Are you going to use it to clean up the ocean?
No. I don't give a fuck about the ocean. I just wanted to see if I could figure out the problem.
I have no further use for this.
Here, take it.
What am I supposed to do with a clothes dissolving solution...
Actually, yes I had better take that. Just to make sure it doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
Do with it what you will. I really don't care.
Now if you'll excuse me it's a long walk back to my apartment for some clothes and I'm starting to get a little cold.
Yes, of course.
Please promise to be more careful in the future Miss Chang.
I promise to try. See you later Mr [surname].
Errm... Miss Chang...
Hmmmm... it seems my underwear elastic is also synthetic.
Whaaa....?!
Oh, good day to you Mr Wilson.
Arrrggghhh, my heart.
I really hope I'm doing the right thing allowing Miss Chang to perform her experiments again.
No one was hurt this time but things could have been a lot worse.
What can I do for you sir?
Samantha, could you please send out an advert for a lab technician job?
I'm not sure that I can sir.
Please explain.
Mr Mykock has forbidden us from publicising the school in any way.
He doesn't want to draw attention to us for some reason.
I'm assuming that means with job adverts too.
I see. That is a problem. Could we look for a candidate amongst the local population?
There aren't that many people in the local area.
I suppose I could ask around in the town if there is anyone looking for work.
Yes, I think that might be the only option.
Sure thing Mr [surname]. What shall I say is the pay?
Payment will be in the form of accommodation and the opportunity to train with a world class scientist.
Hmmm... I don't think you'll get many applications sir.
I don't think there are many locals who would be interested in such an offer.
You may need to offer some kind of salary.
I'll ask around. Give me three days to see what I can find.
Will that be all?
Yes, for now. Thank you Samantha.