You'll suck a stranger's cock but you won't do some washing up?
Don't you judge me!
Look Trixie I'm not really sure you're cut out to work as a lab technician.
Do you think maybe you'd be better off looking for a different job?
Hmmm... this conversation sounds awful familiar.
If I didn't know better I'd say you want to fire me?
Err...
Well bless your heart darlin'. I don't think that would be a good idea.
Then I'd have to speak to that school inspector, Miss Thomas.
Tell her about how you said I could only have this job if I put your big dick in my poor little mouth.
Ah shit... this could get really messy really fast. Why did I accept a blow job from this slut?
I can't fire her but I can't just let her stay here for no reason. People will become suspicious.
No Trixie I don't want to fire you I just think that maybe lab technician isn't the best role for you here.
Do you have any other useful skills?
I told you already. Just dancin'.
Well, could you teach the girls to dance?
Oh sure, I could do that!
Great. We'll set up dance lessons for the girls twice a week. How does that sound?
That sounds great darlin'. That sounds like a much better job.
But wait, what's the catch?
What do you mean?
Well ain't nobody ever done anything anything nice for me without wanting something in return.
Does this mean I gotta suck your dick again?
Well it is kind of a promotion so I guess...
Huh, figures. That's what men always want. Let's not do it here though. How about you stop by my apartment sometime?
Sure, that works for me.
No Trixie that really won't be necessary.
Well fancy that. A real gentleman.
You're a nice guy Mr [surname].
Come see me at my apartment some time. I'm real good at microwaving dinners.
Errm, thanks.
Thanks for the promotion Mr [surname]. See ya!
Uh, well I guess that could have gone worse.
I dread to think what kind of dancing she'll be teaching the girls.
I'd better call Samantha and tell her about the change in roles.
Samantha, could you please contact Anna Dixon and inform her the job position is still available?
Yes sir. What about Miss Star?
She's had a change of role. She'll be teaching a dance class now instead.
OK sir. Should I change the school rota?
Yes, Wednesday mornings please make the gymnasium available for dance lessons.
Yes sir. I'll do that now.
Thanks Samantha.
Hopefully Miss Chang will be happier with Anna as an assistant
Unfortunately it looks like I don't have a choice but to pay Anna out of my own salary
Character profiles for Anna and Trixie have been added to your character log under staff.
Hi Izzy. How are you doing?
I'm good thanks.
I notice you don't have an apartment on campus. Do you live locally?
Not exactly. I commute in on the train from a nearby town.
Is it a long journey?