She thinks she can talk down to me because she is much taller and stronger than I am.
Well brains always beats brawn.
I simply want you to put a few drops of this formula in her drink.
You want me to drug her?!
Yes.
With what?
In layman's terms it is a temporary shrinking formula.
Seriously?!
She will have her muscles and overall body mass considerably reduced. She will be a weakling like myself.
Why?!
I just want to see the look on her face. I want her to feel helpless as her physical strength, the only attribute she has, is taken away from her.
She'll probably run home in floods of tears! Her metaphorical tail between her legs.
That's rather cruel.
I am a cruel person.
I'm getting that impression.
The formula lasts no more than 12 hours. Dose her during the day and she'll be back to normal by the following morning.
Your experiments don't have the best track record when it comes to safety.
It's perfectly safe. I developed this formula for the military as a way to make capturing enemy soldiers easier.
It's been thoroughly tested and has no long term side effects.
Why do you need me to do it?
She'll never let me get near anything she drinks from.
She'll still know it was you.
I think once she's experienced the power of my science first hand she'll start to give me a little more respect.
She'll be too afraid to give me any trouble.
I'm definitely not convinced by that.
Well if you want the password you'll have to do this.
Just take the formula and wait for the right opportunity.
I'll take the formula but I'm not promising to use it and if I do I won't protect you if Sally wants revenge.
She won't cross me again after this.
Hmmm... will I really trick Sally for Miss Chang? I do really need to see what's on the old headmasters computer.
I could easily spike her drinks bottle while she's using the shower in the men's room.
Monday afternoon seems to be when I usually find her in the shower.
So was there anything else you wanted?
Developers note: Not yet implemented.
Nothing actually I was just passing through.
OK, no problem. See you later.
Girls screaming
Something is going on in Miss Chang's science class!
What the hell! You girl, stop!
What has happened to your clothes?!
Emily, what is going on?!
Eeeeek!
Charlotte. Stop right there!
Don't look headmaster!
Girls stop!
What on earth has happened here? Miss Chang better have a good explanation for this.
Hmmmm... I wonder why that happened?
Miss Chang, what the hell is going on?
Ah, Mr [surname]. How are you?
Never mind me, why are you in your underwear and why are there girls running around in just their shoes?