Girls will try all sort of tricks to get out of being properly punished.
As soon as you allow them to disobey an order for any reason then you have relinquished some control.
You are no longer in complete command of the situation.
Do you understand?
Yes sir.
Good. I think that you have learned enough for today.
You may cover yourself and we are colleagues once again.
Oh my goodness [cname]. That's was quite intense.
I've never experienced anything like that before.
I feel...
What do you feel Claire?
Oh it's nothing. I feel embarrassed mostly and my bottom is rather sore.
Good. That is how one should feel.
We will keep practising this Claire. Soon you will be confident enough to use some of these techniques on the girls.
Yes. I hope so.
Well that's enough for this evening. I shall return another night to continue your training.
Thank you [cname]. Good night.
Good evening Miss Chang.
You!
Good evening Miss Chang.
You've got some fucking nerve coming here.
So I take it you met Trixie?
I ask for a lab assistant and you send me a fucking whore.
Has she done something wrong?
She's completely fucking useless. She does nothing I ask her to do.
I'm sorry that she's not the best.
I couldn't advertise widely without Mr Mykock knowing about it.
We had to hire from the local area and she was the best candidate available.
Well, the cheapest candidate and the one who offered to suck my cock.
I don't care. Get rid of her immediately!
You'll get no further help from me at the school board until you hire someone competent.
OK, I will see what I can do.
Now get the hell out of here! I have to do all the cleaning myself because my useless assistant didn't want to damage her nails.
I guess I'll have to fire Trixie. That is going to be an interesting conversation.
I hope accepting that blowjob isn't going to make things difficult for me.
I'll need to summon Trixie to my office during school hours.
Ah, hello there Mr [surname]
Thank you so much for finding me a decent assistant.
Anna is hard working and bright.
She has made my job much easier and I'm sure the students' grades will improve vastly as a result.
As promised I will offer you additional support at the next school board meeting.
No problem. I'm glad to help.
Was there anything else you wanted to talk about?
Good evening Mr [surname]. To what do I owe the unexpected pleasure of your company?
Do you feel able to talk to me about your past now Susan?
OK, if you really must know. I will tell you.
As you know, I was formerly the head of the government's advanced scientific research program.
We were making great advances in science but things were not progressing quickly enough.
It seemed no matter how many qualifications my employees had none of them could keep pace with my ideas.
So much of my time was spent explaining things or correcting other people's work.