I'll be heading off now, but I will be back another evening soon to begin your training.
Oh, thank you so much [cname]. Let me show you to the door.
Time to meet with Claire again and help her to be more assertive.
Knock knock
Claire is making progress but we have a long way still to go before she is a strong disciplinarian.
Her inability to control her class is still having a negative influence on the whole school.
Claire's ability to control the class is improving but there are still days when the girls get out of hand.
Hopefully after she's learned how to administer proper punishments her class will settle down.
Good evening [cname]. Come in sit down.
So what did you want to speak about? Or did you want to continue my training?
So what's your opinion of the other staff members here?
Well, I can't say I know any of them all that well.
The nurse, Kate, is probably the person I speak to most on campus.
She's a lovely woman but she's always so busy.
Miss Chang I find very hard to speak to. It always seems like her mind is somewhere else.
Sometimes she acts as if she were a prisoner here and talks about escaping.
Sally seems nice too but we have absolutely nothing in common.
She's really into sports whereas I'm really more of a bookworm.
She does make the effort to get on with me though.
She invited me to do aerobics with her and some of the other female staff at the gym on Sunday mornings.
I've tried to say hello to the groundskeeper a few times but I just can't understand a word of that thick Irish accent he has.
I'm afraid I don't have much more to say about the staff. Was there anything else you wanted to ask about?
The old headmaster? We got along quite well actually.
He was very well read. We spoke a lot about poetry and literature.
I was very sad to hear of his death.
Do you know anything about how he died?
All I heard was that he fell whilst hiking in the woods.
Poor man.
So nothing struck you as suspicious about his death?
Suspicious? No, I didn't hear anything like that.
Why, did you hear something?
No, no. I was just curious. Let's talk about something else.
I don't know if Claire is ready for further training yet. I should observe her teaching first to see if she has made any progress.
Let's continue your training, shall we?
It's getting late I should probably head off.
No problem [cname]. I will see you soon.
OK Claire. Let's review some of the basics.
The main thing you need to learn is how to display confidence.
The girls can sense when you are nervous and they will take advantage.
You may think that confidence is not something you can learn.
This is partly true. You can learn how to display confidence even if you are in fact nervous.
True confidence will come in time.
You spend the evening going through theories of discipline and assertiveness.
You make some progress but still have a long way to go. You'll need to keep up the training.
Today I think we should examine classroom dynamics.
Next time your class becomes unruly don't immediately get angry or try to shout.
Just take a deep breath and observe what is happening.
Try to work out which students are talking to each. Try to figure out what set off the disruption.
Is a particular student distracting them or perhaps there is something happening outside of the classroom.
Understanding the environment is key to controlling the class.