Sounds a little far fetched if you ask me. She's a smart cookie but I can't imagine she's that dangerous.
I certainly hope so.
Miss Newman doesn't like her much either. I think there is some history between those two but I don't know what it is about.
What do you make of Miss Newman?
A fine woman! Tall, strong and athletic. Everything I am not, sad to say.
She's almost always at the gym so I never really see her.
Not really one for exercising myself.
What about Miss Potts?
She's quiet and polite. She's an excellent teacher. Or she would be if she could control her class.
We've not spoken much I must confess.
Was there anything else you wanted to speak about?
What can you tell me about the old headmaster?
Oh my god, what a bore he was.
I think he and Miss Thomas were competing for the title of most pious prude.
Always going on about protecting the girl's virtue and moral character.
As if any of these girls were anything other than amoral miscreants.
Do you think there was anything suspicious about his death?
Suspicious? I couldn't tell you. The whole thing was very hush hush.
Mr Mykock arranged for the body to be taken away.
He told the staff the headmaster's body was being sent back to his family.
I thought that was strange though, given he had no family as far as I'm aware.
Miss Thomas seemed to take his death particularly hard.
If you want to know more I would ask her about it.
I think that I will. If I can track her down. Do you know where she spends her time?
No. She normally just appears at the most irritating moments.
Why just the other day I was innocently trying to help a girl with some dirt on her blouse.
I was simply trying to brush it off her chest when Ruth pops out of nowhere and accuses me of being some sort of pervert.
Me?! Can you believe it.
Errr...
Watch out for her Mr [surname]!
Anyway, if you can't find Ruth then I would speak to Jimmy.
The groundskeeper?
Yes. He was the one who found the body. I think he hangs around by the lake most mornings.
Was there anything else?
Hmmm... I'll need to order the gate to the lake to be unlocked at the next board meeting.
Excellent.
Get me what I what and at the next board meeting and I will agree to some of your proposals.
Some of them?
Oh yes, you didn't think this would be all I want from you?
Well, what else do you want?
Get me what I've asked for and we can talk more then.
Fine. You drive a hard bargain Charles. I will do my best to get her password.
Hmmm... I'll need to summon Priti to my office during school hours
Then somehow figure out a way to get her login details. I have no idea how to steal someone's password though.
I'll need to speak to someone who knows more about computers. Maybe I should ask Miss Chang.
You have a new staff quest. Use the UI button in the top left and navigate to staff quests to view your objectives.
Was there anything else you wanted to talk about?
So do you have it?
Not yet. I'm still working on it.
Have you got any suggestions?