Nothing complicated. Just your standard school scientific equipment.
Some beakers, Bunsen burners, harmless chemicals. That sort of thing.
It would help the students to learn and I could do a few experiments in the evenings after school.
I have been unable to practise my beloved science for so long now.
What do you mean?
Samantha told me you used to work for the government. Is this true?
It is true. For many years I worked as a top level researcher.
In fact I was once the head of the government's advanced scientific research institute.
Wow, that's amazing. If you don't mind me saying you look quite young to have held such a high office.
I will take that as a compliment. In fact I am much older than I look.
What kind of research did you do?
My original background was in biochemistry but I didn't limit myself to one area of expertise.
I had dozens of researchers working on countless experiments.
We studied everything. From chemistry to theoretical physics, artificial intelligence and robotics.
We made great advances in technology and with that came more funding and more freedom.
Freedom from oversight.
Freedom from ethical restrictions!
Those were glorious days, but they didn't last forever.
What happened?
Eventually one of my experiments got a little out of hand.
People were hurt. The specifics aren't important.
Did anyone die?
Err... no. All the test subjects are still alive... Sort of.
After the incident I was sent here. Partly for my own protection and partly as a punishment.
I am a prisoner here, Mr [surname]. Just as much as any of the girls.
The girls are students, not prisoners.
Semantics. They were sent here against their will. They cannot leave. A gilded cage is still a cage is it not?
I suppose so.
Then to top off my fall from grace the old headmaster banned me from having access to as much as a test tube.
He said I was a danger to humanity!
Please Mr [surname]. You must help me.
I must be allowed to carry out my experiments. My mind is simply wasting away here.
I can have a list of everything I need sent over to your computer.
From what you've told me so I far how do I know I can trust you?
I give you my word Mr [surname]. Any research I conduct now will be harmless.
I promise never to do anything which will endanger the students or the staff.
I'm not promising anything but I'll look into it.
Please do Mr [surname].
From what you've told me your experiments sound dangerous.
Please don't be so quick to come to a decision.
I'm sure you have your own agenda here at the school.
Word is that you want to change the school's rules.
Just provide me with what I need and I'll give you whatever support you need at the school board.
All I want is to be able to conduct a few harmless experiments.
I promise you this arrangement will benefit us both.
Hmmm... I will look into your request Miss Chang but no promises.
Thank you Mr [surname]. You will not regret it.
Visit me here in the evening if you want to talk more.
I will. Good night Miss Chang.
You have a new staff quest.