I'm going to make you cum on stage!
Only it's not a crowd of teachers it's a crowd of students!
Let's see how you like it!
You fiends!
Girls cheering.
Time to get even.
Oh....
Actually, that doesn't sound so bad.
How does it feel to be exposed and groped in front of all these girls?
I mean... it feels pretty good.
Ha! You can pretend to enjoy it all you want but I know how humiliating you must find this!
No, I'm pretty sure I'm OK with this.
You say that now but you just wait until I make you orgasm!
It will be so embarrassing for you!
Really Sarah, your punishment idea needs work.
I thought I taught you better than this.
Shut up! Let's see how you like it when I put your thingy in my mouth with all these people watching.
Again Sarah, you haven't thought this through.
I'm not sure this works the way you intended with the roles reversed.
Oh boy...
Oh yes, I'm getting close now.
Oh here it comes!
Huh, what's that noise.
That's the sound of your total shame and humiliation!
No, that's not it.
It sounds like...
My fucking alarm! What bad timing!
What a crazy dream. I feel like my subconscious is trying to tell me something but I have no idea what.
I wonder how Sarah is doing now. It's been three weeks since she last visited me in my office.
I haven't spoken to her since the conference. I hope she isn't really mad at me.
Anyway, no time to dwell on that now. I have a school to run and girls to punish.
This concludes Version 0.1 of The Headmaster. We hope you have enjoyed the game so far.
In the main game you will have the freedom to move around the school and choose whichever activities you want. However, to run the school effectively you will need to balance your activities and make your choices carefully. If Grades or Discipline fall to zero then you will lose the game.
Every Friday you will have the option to meet with the school board and amend the school's rules. There are many planned fetishes for this game, mostly focused on corruption and humiliation.
We are hard at work on the next game update and hope to have it ready for release soon. Please consider supporting this project on Patreon so that we can dedicate more time to it and bring out more frequent releases at a higher quality.
{i}She's busy working on her formula, I think I'll leave her too it.{/i}
{i}This must be Miss Chang.{/i}
Hmmmm... If I were to use a zinc metalloenzyme to accelerate the reaction. Yes that might work.
Good evening Miss Chang.
Ah, Mr [surname]. Thank you for coming to visit me.
No problem Miss Chang. What are you working on there? It looks complicated.
Oh this. It's nothing really. Just a little idea I had about how to remove all the plastic waste from the ocean.
A simple self replicating protein molecule that can rapidly breakdown any synthetic material.
That sounds amazing.
Oh it's nothing. Just a little something I wrote down to keep my mind busy.
Is this what you wanted to see me about?
No, not at all. I wanted to talk about the science facilities at this school.
I did noticed that they are rather lacking.
Yes, I was hoping to convince you to upgrade our science classroom with new equipment.
What is it that you need?