Yes sir
Please note that for some animations the punishment controls options will appear in the bottom right. These will allow you to change views or switch between manual or automatic mode.
If you minimise the Punishment Interface with the arrow in the top right then these controls will still be available.
Miss Newman, if you would please use this ruler on Debbie. Just a few hard hits to the backside should suffice.
Yes Mr [surname].
Wait Miss Newman. You won't really hit me with that will you?
I'm sorry Debbie.
Please Miss...
I've warned you before about your behaviour and I'm sad that it's come to this.
Ow!!!
That hurt!
Bend back over Debbie.
But...
Remember what will happen if you do not comply with your punishment.
I know but it hurts...
Miss Newman. I think Debbie needs some help staying in position.
If you would please assist the girl.
Yes sir.
Ooofff. Miss Newman wait... please.
Ooowwww!!!!
Ooooowwww!!!
Come on Debbie I thought you were tough?
This is just a ruler. Think yourself lucky you're not getting the cane.
Ow! It really stings.
Perhaps we shall see a little less bravado from you Miss Harris.
Feel free to pick up the pace Miss Newman.
Miss Newman, if you would please use this ruler again on Debbie. Just a few hard hits to the backside should suffice.
Yes Mr [surname].
Not again!
Please note that while may perform an action multiple times it will only increase points the first time.
{i}Its too soon to end the punishment now. I should make sure Debbie has been spanked first.{/i}
OK Miss Newman. I think that's enough for today.
Yes sir.
Debbie go to the corner, put your hands above you head and face the wall.
What? For how long?
As long as I deem necessary.
Thank you for your help today Miss Newman. I am most impressed with both your attitude and ability.
I think that we will be able to work very well together.
Thank you. Anytime you need my help just let me know.
I'll be heading off now. I'll see you later.
No problem. Thank you again.
Although you are a very poor replacement for the old headmaster at least you are willing to dish out proper punishments.
That was one of the few areas where he and I did not see eye to eye.
Thanks, I think. So are you planning to be present at all future punishments?
I don't see why I need to be here every time.
As long as Miss Newman is present. She at least seems trustworthy.
Don't you dare think of punishing the girls yourself!
Don't forget, any breaches of the rules and I can have this place closed down.
Fine. I can work with that for now. At least until I've convinced the board to change the rules.
Not likely Mr [surname]. Not while I'm here.