My name is Mr Mykock. I represent the owners of a recently founded school.
Oh yes?
Yes. A privately run all girls college in a remote mountain town.
We are looking for a new headmaster.
Well, I don't know why you are talking to me.
I'm a psychology expert and recently fired researcher. I have no experience running a school.
Oh, that is of no consequence. No consequence at all.
We are not looking for an administrator.
What we need is a man who can instil some discipline.
You see, Mr [surname], you are not the only one who is concerned about the worsening behaviour of today's youth.
The group that I represent has been working on this problem for years.
We established a new school as something of an experiment.
The students are hand picked. Each of them having potential but either failed or were expelled from their previous schools due to bad behaviour.
We have been attempting to prove that a return to traditional methods of punishment can transform these young women.
Unfortunately, the previous headmaster was not up to the task.
He lacked the necessary, how should I say, instincts.
I have been searching for a suitable replacement for some time and I believe I have found the man I am looking for.
Hmmm... This does seem like a good opportunity to further my research.
Think on it, Mr [surname]. There is no need to make a decision now.
Please come and visit the school for an interview.
You can decide after seeing it for yourself.
OK, Mr Mykock. I seem to find myself between jobs at the moment so I will gladly come for an interview.
Excellent. Take my card. Call the school's secretary to arrange a suitable time.
Goodbye for now Mr [surname] and thank you for an excellent demonstration.
What a strange man. I wonder if his offer is legitimate.
Me, a headmaster at an all girls college. Could I really do it?
I guess there is only one way to find out.
One week later...
...After a six hour train journey and a long walk.
Mr Mykock wasn't kidding when he said this town was remote.
If you can even call it a town. There can't be more than a few hundred people living in this area.
This must be the school though and this must be the secretary coming now.
Good morning Mr [surname]. My name is Samantha Wolf. I am the school secretary and personal assistant to the headmaster.
I hope you had a pleasant journey.
I did. It was a long train ride but the country views are quite breathtaking.
Yes, we are far away from everything up here.
Mr Mykock instructed me to give you a quick tour of the school before bringing you to the interview.
Are you happy to go now?
Yes, Samantha. Thank you.
This is the gymnasium. It also doubles as a theatre on some evenings.
Over there is our sports teacher Sally Newman.
She used to be in the military before retraining as a teacher.
You can almost always find her at the gym.
This is the nurse's office, over there is the school nurse Kate.
She looks busy tending to a girl. Let's not interrupt her.
Moving on with the tour these are the classrooms.
The girls are all in lessons at the moment. I'm sure it will be OK for us to take a quick peek inside.
This is Miss Potts the English teacher.
She is a very kind woman. Unfortunately the girls do try to take advantage of her good nature.
Over here we have Mr Wilson's Maths class.