{i}Perhaps Debbie has some repressed sexual desires towards women. Maybe even for Miss Newman in particular.{/i}
{i}I should use this to my advantage.{/i}
Well done, you have found Debbie's weakness. Debbie's repressed lesbian tendencies provide a +1 bonus to pleasure when being searched or massaged by Miss Newman. Find other girls' weaknesses to increase the effectiveness of their punishments.
Click on the student's name at the top of the punishment control panel to open up their character information page.
No sign of anything.
OK, good. Time to move on to the main event.
Two new positions are now available. Over the knee and over the desk. You can now switch between the available positions any time you like.
Miss Newman, I think we should try something a little different this time.
What do you mean Mr [surname]?
Some recent research I conducted showed that spankings are more effective when combined with light massage applied to the target area.
More effective?
Yes, the contrast between sensations makes the experience more likely to stick in the girl's mind.
The rate of repeat offences drops significantly when using this technique.
I've never heard that before but if you say so.
Please rest your hand on the young lady's behind.
Like this sir?
Hey, what are you doing?
Yes. Now I want you to gently massage the muscle.
Like this?
Yes. Just like that.
What are you up to Mr [surname]? You had better not be making her do this for your own perverted amusement.
I assure you this is a scientifically proven methodology.
Hmmm... well there is nothing specifically in the rules about this so I guess you can continue.
Oh my God stop it you pervs!
Quiet Debbie. You are not a part of this conversation.
Am I doing this right sir?
You're doing just fine, keep going.
Mmmmm...
Oh Miss Newman...
Miss Newman as before I would like you to massage the girl's behind.
Yes Mr [surname].
Mmmmm...Miss Newman.
Bend over my desk Debbie.
Alright. If I have to.
What do you want me to do with her now?
Please proceed with the spanking Miss Newman.
Ow! Hey!
And again please Miss Newman.
Ow! Fuck!
There is no need for bad language young lady.
Grrrr... Is that all you've got?
I can take it.
Your false bravado is impressing no one Debbie.
But if you think this punishment should be more severe we are happy to oblige.
Perhaps a few swats with this ruler will satisfy you?
A ruler?!
Items you find or purchase online can provide additional actions during punishments. The ruler you found earlier has provided an additional action in the over the desk position. Use it to inflict additional points of pain to Debbie.
{i}Unfortunately I don't have any tools to inflict more pain. I should look around the school for useful items or buy them online.{i}
Some items you find or buy from the online store can provide additional actions during punishments.
Please continue at your own pace please Miss Newman.