Miss Newman, please confiscate those offensive undergarments immediately.
Yes Mr [surname].
Hey, what the fuck!
Stop!
The school rules also state that girls who are wearing non-regulation clothing must be given the opportunity to go and change.
You cannot simply confiscate the girl's underwear.
Outrageous! That policy is too easy to abuse. This is just one more thing I will be bringing up at the next board meeting.
Shall I pull Debbie's underwear back up?
Yes, unfortunately we must abide by the current rule book for the time being.
You were lucky this time Debbie but don't think you'll get away with this again in the future.
Fuck you, dick head!
Shall I keep spanking her?
Yes, please continue.
{i}Ruth is really interfering with my methods. The current rules are far too restrictive.{/i}
{i}On the positive side Miss Newman seems quite happy to obey my instructions without question.{/i}
{i}Perhaps this is because of her military background.{/i}
{i}I wonder if I can convince her to perform some basic massage techniques on Debbie.{/i}
{i}I think that will be all I can get away with for the moment.{/i}
A new action has become available in the over the knee position. Use it to massage the girls behind.
Feel free to pick up the pace Miss Newman.
Yes sir.
Please note that for some animations the punishment controls options will appear in the bottom right. These will allow you to change views or switch between manual or automatic mode.
If you minimise the Punishment Interface with the arrow in the top right then these controls will still be available.
Hands above your head.
What, why?
I am getting tired of repeating myself, Debbie. You are to follow my instructions without question.
Now put your hands up above your head. Stand with your legs apart.
Urrgh, fine.
Once you have selected a position the actions buttons become available. Different actions will be possible depending on the position of the girl.
You can currently take up to six actions as part of a punishment and each action can be performed only once. The number of Action Points remaining is shown at the top of the Punishment Interface. In this tutorial there are only a limited number of actions available.
More will unlock as you play the game either through completing quests or by creating new school rules at the school board.
If you want to take an action multiple times you can do so by clicking the Free Play Mode button at the top of the Punishment Interface.
Please note that whilst in free play mode you will not score points in Pain, Pleasure or Humiliation and will not be able to level up the girls. To end Free Play Mode you will need to reset the punishment using the button at the top of the punishment menu.
Choose the body search action to have Miss Newman search Debbie's clothes.
So like, how long do I need to stand like this?
Miss Newman, you have military training do you not?
Yes sir.
You have experience performing pat downs?
Of course.
Please check Debbie's pockets for any sharp items or contraband.
What?! I don't want that massive lesbian putting her giant hands all over me.
Hey!
Debbie! Do not speak about your teacher that way.
I will also not stand for any homophobic remarks.
Please start the search Miss Newman.
Yes Mr [surname].
There doesn't seem to be anything under her skirt.
She's got nothing hidden between her legs.
She's not hiding anything in her blouse.
{i}For all Debbie's protests she look likes she's enjoying being searched by Miss Newman{/i}