Yes sir.
Ooohh.
Oh my God.
Yes yes yes!
And there we have it ladies and gentlemen. The correct way to discipline a young woman. 
Now for obvious reasons this method of punishment is best used on the opposite gender.
However, there are no reasons why a female teacher could not apply these principles to a male student.
So in summary, my theory states that the careful and considered application of pain, humiliation and pleasure is, without a doubt, the most effective way to instil discipline in young adults.
I hope that you have all found the demonstration informative.
What do we say Sarah?
Thank you for punishing me, sir.
Good girl.
I will now hand back over to the Secretary of Education.
Crowd" "Angry noises
What the fuck was that!?
What do you mean?
So this is what you've been getting up to with all that research money?
Abusing young women?
Abuse?! Everything I've done was in the interests of the students.
You expect me to believe that?
It was legitimate research!
I don't know why you're acting surprised, I detailed my methods in the numerous reports I sent to you.
Well, I clearly didn't read your fucking reports, did I?
Look, I was told to think outside the box and so I did.
And it worked! Just look at the results.
All my test subjects are now in the top ten percent.
Think of what we could achieve if this program was rolled out across the country.
Our education system would be the envy of the world!
Just give me more time and a larger number of test students.
There is no way I'm letting you anywhere near any more young women.
If I didn't want the negative publicity I'd have you arrested. I'll have to settle for firing you instead.
Consider yourself dismissed from your position. I intend to see to it that you never work in education again!
Now have this man escorted from the premises.
Stop! Don't you see what I've accomplished! Don't you see what could be achieved?!
Get over your petty inhibitions and we can save our country from inevitable ruin.
Arseholes!
Hmmmm... Maybe I misjudged that presentation slightly...
I toned down the sexual elements of my methods as much as I could.
I really thought that the results would convince people but I guess they are not ready.
Someday I will prove my theories.
I'm not sure how to do it now that I've been fired.
???" "Hehehe.
???" "That was quite the demonstration Mr [surname].
???" "Quite the demonstration indeed.
Erm thanks, the crowd in there seemed to disagree though.
???" "Oh, do not worry about them!
???" "All bold new scientific theories meet with some resistance.
???" "From Galileo's theories on the solar system to Darwin's theory of evolution, people find it hard to accept new ideas.
???" "Like those great visionaries you are ahead of your time!
Err... right. Sorry, and you are?