He is one of only two men currently on staff. The other being the groundskeeper, Jimmy.
Over here we have Miss Chang's science class.
She used to be a famous scientist working for the government.
We are very lucky to have her at our school.
I wonder how badly a top scientist needs to screw up to end up working as a school teacher?
I should find out what her story is.
Unfortunately that's all the time we have for our little tour. I'll now show you to your interview with Mr Mykock.
???" "Who is this Samantha?
Hello Miss Thomas. This is Mr [surname]. He is here to interview for the position of headmaster.
Is he now?
Tell me Mr [surname] are you a religious man?
I don't see how that is your business but no, I am not.
Why am I not surprised. Just what this school needs another heathen.
The old headmaster was a righteous and holy man. I doubt you will be able to fill his shoes.
I have no intention of filling his shoes. I plan to forge my own path here and bring new ideas.
We will see about that. Good day to you.
Who was that?
That was Ruth Thomas. I'm sorry about her, she can be very rude. I will leave it to Mr Mykock to explain who she is.
No problem. Thank you for the tour. See you later Samantha.
Good afternoon [name], you don't mind if I call you [name] do you?
No, not at all. Good afternoon to you Mr Mykock.
Oh please, call me Paul.
Errrm.... sure.
So what do you think of our little facility here?
I am impressed. Is the school newly built?
Indeed it is. In fact many areas are still under construction.
We hope to be able to open further buildings over the coming months.
We also have plans to bring in new staff and new students.
So this is a private school? Who actually owns it?
The owners wish to remain anonymous at this stage. You may consider me to be their proxy in all matters.
What made your organisation want to open a school for delinquent teenagers?
Surely there can't be much profit in such a thing?
My employers are highly concerned with the fate of our youth.
We rely heavily on highly trained graduates from this country's universities.
The recent sharp drop in university applications has caused considerable panic in our research departments.
It was our organisation which pressured the government into changing the law to force failed students back into education.
We wish to be at the forefront of research into the behavioural crisis.
This school was founded as something of an experiment. We have been granted special dispensation from the government to employ more traditional forms of discipline.
It is the belief of our founders that we have been too soft on the younger generation.
That years of liberal policies have fundamentally eroded the good character of our youth.
We hope to prove that, with the proper motivation, even girls such as these can become useful members of society.
If we can transform these girls into well behaved students then our policies can be introduced nationwide.
By traditional forms of discipline do you mean corporal punishment?
Yes, but not exclusively. We are also interested in testing new ideas.
I informed the school's owners about your unique research and they were most intrigued.
For this reason we would like for you to continue your work here at this school.
So I can continue my research free from any interference?
Not quite I'm afraid.
As you know, since the law changed young people who fail school have barely any rights.
Legally we can treat the girls however we wish. Baring any lasting injury of course.