Oh my, we have a pair of identical twins in our class.
Yes sir, I'm Louise.
And I'm Mary.
I think I'm going to have some trouble telling you two apart.
Louise and Mary" "But we don't look that much alike.
Sure if you say so.
There are ten of you so today I thought we'd play some five-a-side football.
Do you mean soccer principal [surname]?
Oh, an American. What's your name?
I'm Charlotte Green.
Well you're not in America any more Charlotte. You will address me as headmaster and we're calling this football.
But pr... headmaster...
Another mention of the word soccer and you'll be running laps of the gymnasium for the rest of the day
Right, sorry.
OK now let's split you into two teams of five and we'll have a practice game.
You five girls can be one team. Who will be your captain?
I'll be captain!
Great, thanks Charlotte.
You five girls can be another team. Who will be your captain?
I will. I'm April.
Thank you April.
OK girls, let's play some football.
You spend the afternoon practising with the girls.
To your surprise they seem to enjoy playing and get very competitive.
Some of the girls even seem to have some natural talent.
Having identical twins on separate teams causes some confusion as the girls keep mixing them up.
Overall the girls enjoyed the session and your {color=#545dbd}Popularity{/color} has slightly improved.
Great job girls, we'll keep practising at the next lesson.
{i}Right, time to get back to my office. Debbie Harris should be heading there now. Time to teach that young lady a lesson.{/i}
You head back to your office and are surprised to find Mr Mykock sitting in your chair.
Mr Mykock?
Hello [name]. I hope you don't mind me sitting in your chair?
That's no problem. What can I do for you?
I just came in to see how you were getting on?
Very well thank you.
Have you had cause to administer any punishments yet?
As it happens I am expecting a girl here at my office shortly.
She threw a water balloon in class and will be dealt with appropriately.
Excellent.
I was wondering though, before you begin, whether you would listen to a small proposal from my employers?
Of course. What would that be?
You may have noticed that there are several areas around the school which are still under construction.
Yes, I had noticed some areas which I could not access.
The school was still being built when it opened.
A short time later there was an argument between the old headmaster and the school's owners.
For that reason funding for the school was cut off.
With you now in charge the owners would like to make those funds available for you to spend as you wish.
That is good news.
However, they have a condition upon those funds being released.
Yes?