Yes, from what I've seen of her she seems to be in excellent physical condition.
I certainly wouldn't want to be in your position right now.
Miss Newman is going to spank me?
Oh yes.
Here?
Yes.
In front of you?
Of course.
I don't want to get spanked in front of a man, that's embarrassing.
I'm afraid embarrassment is something you are going to have to get used to while I'm in charge of discipline.
Things are going to get a lot worse for you students once I convince the school board to adopt my particular methods for disciplining young women.
For now though we will have to do things according to the current rule book.
Miss Thomas you won't let this happen, will you?
It is within the headmaster's authority to order such punishments and he has the right to oversee them.
I thought you were here to protect my well-being. Some help you are!
You can't actually do this to me! I'm a grown woman. I have rights!
I'm afraid not Debbie. By failing to graduate from school you failed to get the rights that adults normally enjoy.
We can legally treat you pretty much however we wish.
That's not true!
It is true I'm afraid. The law was changed as a measure to deal with increased delinquency amongst young adults.
Fail or be expelled from school and you become a persona non grata with barely any legal rights.
This makes it easier for the government to force troublemakers back into education.
So what happens if I refuse to be punished?
This school is your last chance Debbie. Fail or be expelled again and you will never have the rights that everyone else enjoys.
You will never be able to get a proper job, own a home or even open a bank account.
The government will be able to force you into whatever work they please wherever and whenever they want.
It is most likely you will end up in the military.
That is so unfair!
It was a drastic measure to take but these are troubled times.
You had every opportunity at your previous school. You have no learning difficulties and no extenuating circumstances.
You only have yourself to blame for being in this position.
So you can do anything you want to me?
No the headmaster must adhere to the code of practice set out in the school's rules and I am here to ensure they are obeyed.
Yes, thank you for that Ruth.
So what will it be Debbie? Submit willingly to your punishment or be expelled and spend the rest your life serving your country in whatever way they see fit.
I guess I'll submit willingly.
Good decision.
Knock knock
Ah, it sounds like Miss Newman is here. Excellent timing.
Come in.
Hello again Mr [surname]. I understand you need me to deal with a troublemaker.
Hello Miss Newman. Yes, Debbie Harris here threw a water balloon at Miss Potts during class.
I believe corporal punishment is in order.
No problem Mr [surname]. I am at your disposal.
It is time to oversee your first punishment as headmaster. Your theory on discipline states that punishments are most effective when they combine aspects of pain, humiliation and pleasure.
The levels of which are represented in the three bars at the top of the screen. Raise all three meters to maximum to level up the girl and unlock new positions and abilities for future punishments.
You will have a number of punishment techniques at your disposal which will add points to one or more of these meters. For example spanking the girls will add to the pain meter.
Stripping or otherwise embarrassing the girl will add to the humiliation meter. Massaging the girls and later engaging in sexual activities will add to the pleasure meter.
For the moment you are very limited in the techniques you can use and levelling up the girls may not be possible. Additional techniques can be unlocked by advancing the main story or certain side quests.
Useful items can also be purchased in the online store which you can use during punishments.