However, the government was concerned about a private company having that much power.
Therefore they provided a list of basic rules for the staff, mostly to ensure the girls are not physically or sexually abused.
They also sent an independent observer to ensure the rules are enforced.
Would that be the woman Ruth Thomas I met in the corridor?
Yes, I'm afraid so. A most disagreeable woman. Break the school's rules and she can recommend to the government to have this place closed down.
I see... so what if I need to change the rules?
This will be possible, however, any changes to the rules will require approval from the school board made up of the senior teachers.
You will therefore need to convince your colleagues that the changes are necessary.
But the teachers work for you. Can't you tell them how to vote?
The government insisted on appointing most of the teachers here. I have little influence on internal school politics.
It was only after the death of the old headmaster that we have had the opportunity to appoint our own candidate.
The old headmaster died?
Sorry, didn't I mention? I'm afraid that he met with an unfortunate accident whilst hiking in the woods nearby.
Slipped and fell into a ravine. Most unfortunate.
Most unfortunate indeed.
I see. My condolences.
But there is a silver lining in every cloud.
Now we have the opportunity to hire a new headmaster.
One who is willing to test out some new ideas about how to properly discipline young women.
So did you have any questions?
Yes a few. What's to stop the girls from leaving?
The girls are not permitted to leave. They would be stopped at the train station and there is no other way to access this remote area.
Have any of the girls' parents tried to take them back?
All the girls' long-suffering parents willingly signed away any rights they had to the girls.
We are now the girls' legal guardians in all respects.
Anything else?
Not that I mind but why is it just girls here? Surely there are just as many, if not more, boys who are failing in school?
Very true. There is another school not far from here exclusively for male students.
The headmistress there is a lady called Rebecca Grant. I'm sure you will meet her in due course.
So tell me [name] are you interested in coming to work for us here?
Yes, indeed I am. I have been looking for an opportunity to prove myself and I believe this is it.
I am glad to hear it. The job is yours if you want it. Do you accept?
Yes, I do.
Excellent. The new term starts next week are you able to start then?
Yes, I am.
Do you have any advice for me in my first weeks.
Yes. You will need to win over the support of your colleagues.
No doubt this will become easier over time as the results of your methods start to bear fruit.
How do you suggest I do this?
Talk with them. Help them with their problems and they may be more receptive to your proposals.
As I mentioned before you will also need to be careful of Ruth Thomas.
Break the school's rules and she could potentially have the school closed down.
She is also on the school board and is likely to vote against your proposals.
I sincerely doubt you will be able convince her to allow your particular brand of discipline.
How would you suggest I deal with her?
I would look into her past.
Everyone has something they wish to keep secret.
Her secrets may be the key to bringing her to your side.
Thank you for you time today [name]. I shall check in on you on your first day to see how you are getting on.
Thank you Paul. See you then.