Excellent. This job will be the perfect opportunity for me to prove myself.
Once I transform this entire school of delinquent girls into hard working obedient students people will have to accept my methods.
The following Monday
Day One
Good morning sir. Welcome to your first day as the headmaster at St. Louise's Academy for Girls.
As it's your first day I'll help guide you around the school and help you get settled in.
The school day is split into morning and afternoon periods.
We operate a flexible schedule here and normally you will be able to choose what activities you do each period.
However, since it's your first day I've taken the liberty of preparing a schedule for you.
This morning you are expected to teach a history class and this afternoon you will be coaching a sports lesson.
Once school is over any naughty girls requiring punishment will be sent to your office for you to deal with as you see fit.
I'm afraid given the nature of the girls here that will probably happen quite often.
In the evenings you are then free to do as you wish.
I'm afraid there isn't much to do in this town but you can use the school's facilities or visit the staff at their apartments.
Feel free to familiarise yourself with the office and your computer. When you're ready head to the classrooms and I will meet you over there.
Thank you Samantha. I will do just that.
Well done. You have your first quest. To view your quests click the quest icon in the top left of the screen.
They obviously haven't taken anything out of the office since the old headmaster was here.
I should look around see if there is anything useful.
Look around your office and when you are ready click the school icon in the top right to head to the main map.
There are a lot of files here considering the school hasn't been open for very long.
I have no interest in going through all of these right now.
There is a safe down here. It's locked. I wonder what's in there.
Ah, what's this? Looks like a wooden ruler. This might come in handy.
Well done. You have found your first item. To view your inventory click on the briefcase icon in the top left of the screen.
The draw is empty.
Ah, what's this? Looks like a wooden ruler. I could have done with this when punishing Debbie earlier.
Well done. You have found your first item. To view your inventory click on the briefcase icon in the top left of the screen.
I can use this phone to summon staff or students to my office. I don't need to summon anyone right now.
I don't have time to do paperwork right now.
In the main game you can spend time in your office doing paperwork. If your popularity is high enough then students will come to you with their problems, giving you the chance to help (or exploit) them.
Are you sure you're ready to leave the office?
I don't have time to visit the sports centre right now. I need to head to the classrooms, Samantha is waiting for me.
This is where the students sleep. It's school hours so they'll be in class. I should definitely come back here this evening though.
If I'm going to teach these girls to behave I'm going to need to monitor them in their free time as well as in lessons.
This is where the staff live. It's school hours so they'll all be at work. I should come back here another time.
Hmmm... the gate leading to the lake seems to be locked. I'll have to raise this at the next board meeting.
Hello again. This is the classroom area.
From this area you can check in on the other teachers, teach a class yourself or patrol the halls looking for troublemakers.
For now though you'll need to introduce yourself to your class. Your classroom is at the end of the corridor.
Thank you, Samantha. I'll head there now.
Are you ready to teach your first class?
Good morning girls.
Girls" "Good morning headmaster.
Are you joining me in my first lesson this morning?
Girls" "Yes sir.
Great, I'll see you in there.
Hello girls.
Err... like, who are you?
I'm the new headmaster.