Yeah, whatever.
Miss Potts please come speak with me outside.
Thank you Mr [surname]. I'm sorry you had to come and deal with that.
I've never been so embarrassed in all my life. I can't believe she did that to me.
Throwing a water balloon at a teacher in class is truly shocking behaviour.
You can rest assured Debbie will be severely punished this evening in my office.
Good. Thank you again Mr [surname] and please, call me Claire.
Claire, you must not let the students treat you this way. You need to be more firm with them.
I know. It's just that I've never had to deal with girls like this before.
I knew coming to a school like this would be difficult.
I thought I could handle it but I'm just not assertive enough.
In my last school the girls were very well behaved so I have no experience in giving punishments.
I see. Maybe I could give you some pointers. Discipline happens to be one of my areas of expertise.
Really, you would be willing to help me?
Yes absolutely. Perhaps in the evenings we can meet somewhere to provide you with training.
Oh thank you Mr [surname]. Would you be willing to visit me at my apartment in the evenings?
Of course.
Great! I'll see you soon.
Well done you have your first staff quest. Click on the quests icon in the top left, navigate to the staff quests folder to view it.
Provide assistance to members of the school board in order to gain {color=ffd700}Influence{/color} points. These are shown with the gold crown icon in the stats bar at the top left of the screen.
The greater your {color=ffd700}Influence{/color} the easier it will be to change the school's rules.
Monday Afternoon
Hello again. I hope your morning went well. In the afternoon period you will be able to choose another activity.
Today though you'll need to head to the sports centre as a class will be expecting you. I will meet you there.
Thank you Samantha. See you there.
{size=23}Your Quest Log has been updated.{/size}
I can't teach another class now. I need to head to the sports centre.
So, did you see the new headmaster?
Yeah.
What did you think?
He seems mean.
Yeah. He, like, basically threatened to beat us.
Still though at least he's tall and handsome. Nothing like the old headmaster.
That's true enough.
He seemed nice. He was tall and handsome too.
Yeah, he's so much better looking than the old headmaster.
Good afternoon girls.
Oh, hello headmaster.
Don't you girls have lessons to get to?
Oh err... no. We have a free study period.
I see. Then shouldn't you be studying in the library?
There is no library at this school.
No library!? What kind of lazy designer didn't include a library at a school?!
I'll have to see about getting one built as soon as possible.
We can't have you girls wandering around with no place to go and study.
Err... yeah. Thanks... I guess.
No problem. See you later girls.
Hmmm... What's going on over here?
Stupid vending machine! Give me my drink!
The school uniforms here have extremely short skirts.