I must say I approve wholeheartedly.
Are you having a problem young lady?
Oh hi! You must be the new headmaster.
Indeed I am. Can I be of assistance?
I bought a drink from the vending machine but it's stuck.
Hmmm... well I could try giving it a bit of a shove for you.
I'll need to stand a bit closer.
Oh my...
There you are.
Goodness. Thank you so much headmaster! You're so strong.
Well done. You just gained a point of {color=#545dbd}Popularity{/color}. Keep a look out for opportunities to help the girls around the school.
By the way my name is Alice.
Nice to meet you Alice.
Sir, I was wondering if I could speak to you about my studies. I've been having trouble with some of my subjects and I was hoping you could help me.
Of course. Just come see me in my office and I'll be happy to help you.
Thank you. I'd better be on my way now. I'm supposed to have sports next period.
OK great. I'm headed to the sports centre now I'll see you for sports class.
See you later sir.
This is where the students sleep. It's school hours so they'll be in class. I should definitely come back here this evening though.
If I'm going to teach these girls to behave I'm going to need to monitor them in their free time as well as in lessons.
This is where the staff live. It's school hours so they'll all be at work. I should come back here another time.
Hmmm... the gate leading to the lake seems to be locked. I'll have to raise this at the next board meeting.
This is the sports centre reception. The men's changing rooms are on the left.
The women's changing rooms are on the right but you'd have no reason to go in there of course.
The nurse's office is over there on the far right.
Behind me is the entrance to the swimming pool but that area is still under construction.
Thank you Samantha. I can take it from here.
No problem, I will see you after class.
Get changed and coach a sports lesson?
Hmmmm... There seems to be a code on the door. I can't open it.
No doubt this was Ruth's idea.
Hi there. I'm the new headmaster, Mr [surname].
Hi there. I'm Izzy. I work reception at the gym. I also help Miss Newman sometimes with sports lessons.
Well, nice to meet you Izzy. I'll see you around I'm sure.
I should get changed before heading into the gym.
Nurse Kate is busy looking after a girl who's hurt her knee. I should leave her to it.
The swimming pool seems to still be under construction. I'll need to speak to Mr Mykock and ask why so many parts of the school are still closed.
Good afternoon girls.
Good afternoon sir.
Are you joining the sports lesson?
No sir, we just had a class with Miss Newman. We need to head to maths class now.
No problem girls, don't let me keep you.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon headmaster.
What's your name young lady?
I'm Harriet Rose.
Nice to meet you Harriet. Are you waiting for a sports lesson?
Yes sir.
Great. I'll see you in there after I've changed my clothes.
As you enter the men's changing rooms you are surprised to see a woman changing.