Sometime in the not too distant future on a small island nation.
The Secretary of Education has called a special conference of teachers and politicians to discuss a national emergency.
Applause
Ladies and Gentlemen, our nation is facing a great crisis!
Thanks to the negative influence of modern technology and ignorant celebrity role models our young people have become stupid, lazy and disobedient.
The problem has become so great that hardly any students are completing basic levels of education.
University applications have dropped dramatically and only a handful of students applied for maths or science degrees last year.
If the trend continues then we will soon have no new scientists, engineers or doctors.
With so many young people failing to get an education, unemployment is also skyrocketing.
With no job prospects they are joining gangs and entering a life of crime.
By the time our generation retires this country will have fallen into ruin while hordes of violent hooligans roam the streets.
The government takes this threat very seriously and has recently passed a new law.
Students who fail secondary school will have almost all legal rights removed from them.
This will enable the government to force them off the streets and back into education.
The new law is currently still in a trial phase.
So far only a few new schools have been opened.
These are exclusively for students over 18 who failed or were expelled from their previous schools.
Students are given one more chance to graduate or they will be forced into menial labour or compulsory military service.
We realise that these are drastic measures but these are dire times.
Unfortunately, even with this threat hanging over them, young people are still failing their classes.
We have therefore been trialling both new and traditional forms of punishment to try to correct their behaviour.
Our first speaker today is Mr [surname], an expert in young adult psychology.
He has been working closely with one of these schools for many months and is here to present the findings of his research.
Applause
Good afternoon my esteemed educational colleagues and honourable representatives of His Majesty's Government.
Thank you for inviting me here today Madam Secretary.
My name is [name] [surname].
Six months ago I was tasked by the Department of Education to find a way to restore order to today's youth.
I was assigned to one of the newly founded schools and put in charge of discipline.
Students were divided into several groups in order to trial the effectiveness of various punishments.
Initially I tested the current methods including detention and suspensions.
These I quickly dismissed as having no effect.
I then tested some more traditional methods such as corporal punishment.
These had some influence in the short term but were ultimately just as ineffective.
I then tried some more novel techniques involving publicly shaming students.
Again this had some impact but was not producing any long-term behavioural changes.
I knew there was some element missing, some undiscovered way to influence their behaviour.
It was almost by chance that I happened across this missing ingredient.
The final piece of the puzzle that allowed me to transform my delinquent students into high achievers.
So far I have only tested my new method with one small group of ten female students.
Normally I would wait until I had a more statistically significant sample size before publishing my results.
However, the effects were so dramatic that I felt I had to share them with the wider educational community.
All ten of the young women in this test group were expected to fail their exams.
All ten are now expected to pass with As and Bs.
I have been proudly assisting them with their university applications.
However, I do not expect you to take just my word for it.
I have invited one of my students here and would like to bring her up on stage.
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome Sarah.
Applause.
Sarah is 19 years old and had previously failed school due to a lack of attendance and bad grades.