True, but you will need to prove to me your obedience today. Otherwise I will have to recommend that you repeat the year.
Yes sir.
Now, the objective here is not to cause any lasting damage and so pain is most commonly applied to the backside where muscle is thickest.
As this is just a demonstration there is no need to inflict any real pain.
Just a light spanking with my hand will suffice.
Of course this skirt is in the way.
That's better.
Oh my goodness...
Are you ready Sarah?
Errr...
Then let us begin.
Well done Sarah. You can stand back up now.
Unfortunately pain alone is not very effective in influencing behaviour.
As once the punishment is over the pain, along with the lesson, is quickly forgotten.
This brings me to the second component of my method.
Humiliation.
Humiliation tends to stick in the mind far longer than pain and can be a far greater deterrent to bad behaviour.
Embarrassment of the student can be achieved in a number ways.
However the simplest approach is often the most effective.
Err... sir, what are you doing?
Hold still Sarah.
Oh my gosh.
Young woman of a certain age are deeply sensitive about their bodies.
Humiliating them can be as simple as exposing their breasts.
Like so.
Gasp!
Commenting on the girl's body can increase their humiliation even further.
For example, Sarah has well developed breasts for such a petite girl.
A good handful as you can see here.
Oh my!
Why don't you give them a shake up and down for the audience.
Sir?!
Go on Sarah. Give them a bounce. Let the audience appreciate your lovely breasts.
Really sir?!
Yes.
Like this?
Excellent. Keep going until I tell you to stop.
Giving instructions such as these can be very embarrassing as the girl must participate in their own humiliation.
How do you feel now Sarah?
Really embarrassed sir.
Excellent.
I have found there is no end to the number of humiliating things you can make a student do.
Your imagination is the limit.
OK Sarah, you can stop now.
The breasts are highly sensitive so whilst they are exposed this may be a good time to inflict some additional pain.
Ow!
A light pinch or twist can be all that is necessary here.
For further humiliation you may consider exposing even more intimate areas.
If we remove Sarah's skirt.
Oh no!