The government may have accepted the need to trial corporal punishments at this school.
However, that does not mean we will allow some godless pervert the chance to abuse the system for his own gratification.
Excuse me...
I will be watching you and making sure you stick to the rules!
Any breach of the rules and I will be recommending that this school be closed down.
I do not appreciate these accusations. I am not some pervert.
As it happens I am a professional in these matters. I have administered many spankings...
Ha! As if I would allow you to spank the girls.
Only women are allowed to perform corporal punishments.
What?!
Oh yes. It's in the rule book which you clearly haven't read.
The sports teacher Miss Newman has offered to perform the task. I suggest you send for her.
This will not do at all.
I can hardly be expected to be in charge of discipline if I can not punish the girls myself.
I shall be bringing this up at the next meeting of the school board and having this rule changed.
As the government representative I also have a place on the board.
I will certainly be voting against any such proposal.
OK Ruth. You win, for now. Please take a seat and try not to interfere.
Stick to the rules and you will not know that I am here.
Hmmm... If Ruth works for the government then the Secretary of Education must be her boss.
She obviously doesn't know that the Secretary banned me from working in schools.
Otherwise she'd probably be trying the close the school already. Hopefully this won't become a problem for me later.
Samantha, please summon Miss Newman to my office and send in our young troublemaker.
Yes sir.
Hello Debbie. I'm afraid that little stunt you pulled earlier has gotten you in quite a bit of trouble.
Yeah... Whatever.
Is that all you have to say for yourself?
No.
Fuck you.
You are only making things worse for yourself young lady.
What's she doing here?
I am here to oversee your punishment and to ensure your wellbeing.
Right...
Look, can we just get this over with?
Get what over with?
Well, the old headmaster would always give me a lecture about my behaviour.
Then I'd have to go picking litter round the school.
Can we just skip the lecture and I'll be on my way?
No, I'm afraid not. I don't know how the old headmaster dealt with the girls here but I plan on doing things quite differently.
I was brought into this school specifically to instil some discipline into you girls and that is what I intend to do.
Whatever, I ain't afraid of you. So what if I have to clean the school grounds again.
It's not like I have anything better to do. This place is practically a prison.
No Debbie, this is no prison. Prison inmates have far more rights than you do at this establishment.
I'm afraid your behaviour warrants more serious punishments than cleaning the school grounds.
Yeah, like what?
I'm afraid you must be spanked.
What?
For the time being the school's rules prevent me from spanking you myself.
The sports teacher will be spanking you for me.
Miss Newman?