If you say so Debbie. So do you have any bruises?
Yeah, I do.
Well, go on then show me.
Erm... Sure.
Holy crap Debbie!
I know it still stings.
Your butt is bright red!
How can they do that to you? Isn't that like assault or something? You should tell the school inspector Miss Thomas.
Miss Thomas was there! She just sat there and said it was for my benefit.
No way! So the headmaster watched too?
Yeah, he's a real perv. I'll have get him back somehow.
{i}Hopefully Debbie has learnt her lesson but I suspect that we will need a lot more sessions before we can correct her behaviour.
{i}Should I keep listening or move on?{/i}
So, like, what do you want to do now?
Erm, so I was thinking, do you want to practise making out again?
Again?
Erm, yeah you know because we don't want to be out of practise when we finally get to see boys again.
I don't know Debbie. I'm not really into making out with girls.
Come on Cass, it's not like it's for real. It's just practise.
You always suggest this, are you sure you're not a lesbian?
Totally sure.
Come on, all the girls who graduated from school will be out there getting together with boys.
By the time we graduate from this place we'll still be total amateurs.
You'll never bag yourself a rich older man if you don't know how to make out properly.
I suppose you're right. OK but no putting your hand up my top this time.
It needs to be realistic Cass!
You think a boy wouldn't want to put his hand on these fun bags?
Debbie, Oh my God!
You need to get to used to it Cass.
I guess that's true.
They're so big.
Oh, yeah.
Mmmmm...
Oh Debbie.
Mmmmm... Miss Newman.
What the fuck Debbie?
What?
You just called me Miss Newman!
No I didn't!
I'm out of here Debbie.
What why?
You made it weird again. Sorry Debbie, I'll see you tomorrow.
Ah Cass, come on, don't be like that.
Babe, come on!
Fuck!
{i}I almost feel a little bit sorry for Debbie. Life would be a lot easier for her if she just accepted her sexuallity. She must have had a very conservative upbringing to be so repressed.
Stupid Cass.
I don't need her, I can take care of myself.
Let me just get these off.
Yeah, that's better.