Currently you can not punish the girls yourself and must use the sports teacher, Miss Newman, as your proxy. You will need to convince the school board to let you punish the girls yourself.
If you prefer to watch Miss Newman punishing the girls for you then you will be able to continue to do so. The option panel on the right will allow you to switch between yourself and Miss Newman anytime you like.
Before the punishment begins the girls will need to undress. The available options for undressing the girls will be shown on the panel on the right.
School rules currently state that jackets, ties and shoes must be removed before punishment. Further options will become available as you gain influence over the school board.
Click on the remove clothing button to order Debbie to undress.
Let me know what to do first.
Miss Newman is already here.
Unfortunately I am still not permitted to punish the girls myself.
{i}Debbie has already removed her cardigan and tie.{/i}
Debbie remove your shoes.
What, why?
We cannot have you accidentally kicking your shoes off across the room while you are being spanked.
Fine.
I'll also need you to remove your tie as it is a choking hazard.
Uh. OK.
Your cardigan will need to come off too.
Really?
Do what the headmaster says.
Fine, whatever.
Once the girls have undressed you will next need to order them into a suitable position using the positions options on the right.
Some positions are more embarrassing than others and will add points to the humiliation meter.
Use one of these buttons now to order Debbie into a position. You can use these buttons to change her position at any time.
Debbie, you are to lay yourself across Miss Newman's lap for a spanking.
You want me to lay across her lap?
Yes.
Like a little girl?!
If you behave as a brat you will be treated as one.
Uh, this is so embarrassing.
Debbie, you are to lay yourself across Miss Newman's lap for a spanking.
Again?! Fine, if I have to.
Let me know when you want me to begin?
Please proceed with the spanking Miss Newman.
Ow! That hurts!
That is kind of the point Debbie.
Ow! This is so ridiculous. I'm a grown woman you shouldn't be allowed to do this to me!
Miss Thomas, help me.
No Debbie. This is for your own benefit.
Ow! Fuck!
Perhaps Debbie, next time you consider playing a prank on your teacher you'll remember this punishment.
Ow! You bastards!
Hold on a minute Miss Newman.
Sir?
Lift the girl's skirt a moment please.
OK.
Hey! Stop that!
Ah yes, I thought I saw red underwear.
Don't look up my skirt!
Miss Thomas, what do the school rules say about the girl's underwear?
The uniform policy states that underwear should be plain white.
Just as I suspected.