Plus they better not try to get away with wearing their knickers like last time.
You heard the lady, April's team take off your shirts and shorts.
Yeah, yeah. We will.
Hehe. You girls look really stupid.
At least we don't have to be naked like you and Rachel.
OK girls. Let's not waste any more time. Let's get the game started.
The game starts and is fiercely competitive once again.
April's team seems to be extra motivated today and each player gives it their all.
Rachel is making a break down the wing towards the goal.
However she is easily shoved off the ball by the bigger and stronger Harriet.
Stop!
Harriet! What do you think you are doing?
You OK, Rachel? Let me help you up.
I'm OK, thank you, Mary.
Harriet, you must be more careful.
Rachel is a lot smaller than you and you could have really hurt her. Remember football is a non-contact sport.
I'm very sorry, sir. I got carried away.
I'm sorry to you, Rachel, as well.
It's OK. I'll be fine.
Charlotte's team gets free-kick.
Rachel, you can take it.
Rachel quickly crossed the ball to Alice and she was able to score.
It's one-nil to Charlotte's team.
Shit, come on girls, we can still pull this back.
As Rachel falls to the ground, Mary takes the ball from her.
Within moments she's at the other end of the pitch and blasts a powerful volley into the goal.
It's one-nil to April's team.
No fair! We should have gotten a free-kick.
Play continues and Mary is preparing to take a corner kick.
Over here Mary, far post!
Somebody mark April!
Mary curled the ball towards the far corner of the goal.
It looked as if it was going to go wide but April blatantly pushed the ball into the goal with her hand.
Hey! That was a handball, sir! April was cheating!
No way!
Sorry Charlotte, we don't have cameras to record instant replays.
Well maybe you should, sir.
That was the most blatant handball I've ever seen. April, you should be ashamed.
Ha! You're a cheater, April, and now everyone knows it.
It was accidental.
Charlotte's team gets a free-kick.
Charlotte kicks the ball to the other end of the field where Louise is already waiting.
Yes! Did you see that?!
Nice one Louise. You're so awesome.
Play continues and soon Louise is making a break into the penalty area.
Emily was quick getting to her and was able to make a tackle.
Louise went down hard despite very little contact.
Foul! Penalty!
No way! Emily barely touched her! Louise took a dive. No way it's a penalty.
Louise takes the penalty kick.