She's got nothing hidden in her bra.
Get the fuck off my tits.
Calm down Cassandra. I'm just following standard procedures.
You dirty old pervert.
Such a bad attitude Cassandra, you should learn to be a little more cooperative.
Fuck you.
Well, she isn't hiding anything. Let's move on with the punishment.
She's not hiding anything in her socks.
She's got nothing in her knickers.
Hey!
She's got nothing hidden in her bra.
Get the fuck off my tits.
Cassandra isn't hiding anything. Let's move on with the punishment.
There's nothing in her socks and the girl has no other clothes on.
Cassandra isn't hiding anything. Let's move on with the punishment.
You do not have any Action Points remaining.
OK Cassandra. Lets have you up against the whiteboard over here so we can take your picture.
Miss Newman, on the white board please write Cassandra's name, age and the reason she is being punished.
What the hell are you doing now?
I am taking your picture Cassandra.
My picture?! Why?!
I am recording your punishment for the school's owners. They are very interested in seeing that you girls are properly disciplined.
I bet they are, bunch of bloody perverts! Who the hell are they anyway?
To be honest I don't know much about them. Only that they are a group of very wealthy individuals.
Wealthy?
Oh yes. From what I understand they pressured the government into changing the law to allow corporal punishments.
They also had this school built in a remote area in a matter of months.
They must be fantastically wealthy.
Really?
Oh yes.
Some rich men are going to be looking at these photos?
Yes.
Do you think any of these rich men might come to the school some day?
Perhaps.
Oh right. Well, I guess you can take my picture. Make sure to get my good side.
Now hands up above your head feet apart. Let's get a good look at you.
Like this?
That will do.
OK, Cassandra hands up above your head. I'm going to take your picture again for the school's owners.
Fine.
Good. Now for a close up of your face.
Is Cassandra really so vain that she thinks that the school's wealthy owners are going to take notice of her because of a few pictures?
Very good. Now turn around.
Excellent. I'm sure the school's owners will be very interested in these photos.
Really, you reckon?
Oh yes, that's enough for now Cassandra. Come back and stand over by my desk.
What the hell are you doing now?
I am taking your picture Cassandra.
My picture?! Why?!
I am recording your punishment for the school's owners. They are very interested in seeing that you girls are properly disciplined.