Yes Mr [surname].
Oh my gosh! Miss Newman!
Shhhh...
Miss Newman, you're touching my... My pussy.
Yes dear, I know it may seem strange but I'm doing it to help you.
But that's a private area you're not supposed to touch me there.
Listen Cassandra, we've spanked you several times now and you still haven't learned your lesson.
Mr [surname] and I are trying a different approach to try and correct your behaviour.
A little pleasure along with the pain of the spanking will help you remember your lesson so you won't keep making the same mistakes.
If you want me to stop and go back to the spanking I will.
Oooooh...
Do you want me to stop?
No Miss, it feels nice.
I know dear. Hopefully you'll remember this in the future.
In fact I want you to think about this lesson when it's time to go to bed tonight.
I definitely will Miss Newman.
OK Cassandra, for the next part of your punishment I'm going to gently rub your vagina.
My vagina?!
Oh my gosh! Sir!
It's OK Cassandra, just relax.
But... But a boy has never touched me there before.
Never?
No sir.
Well, I'm sorry that your first time has to be part of a punishment.
Don't be sir. It feels really good.
I know dear, a little pleasure along with the pain of the spanking will help you remember your lesson better.
Oooooh...
Now I want you to think about this when it's time to go to bed. Especially when you are doing your homework.
Mmmmm... Yes sir.
OK Miss Newman. For the next action I want you take I need you to stand right up close behind Cassandra.
You do not have enough Action Points.
You do not have enough action points.
Miss Newman, I think that we shall look at a new way to give Cassandra some pleasure.
What did you have in mind sir?
Well, with Cassandra's nipples exposed a highly sensitive area has become available for us to take advantage of.
Let's have closer examination of Cassandra's chest, shall we?
Yes sir.
Now, Cassandra's breasts and nipples are clearly very small indeed. However, this makes them no less of a suitable target.
In fact given their small size the nerve ending are likely to be much more concentrated.
Women with smaller breasts often have much more sensitive nipples.
I can believe that. My breasts have been big since my early teens and they've never been all that sensitive.
So Cassandra is in fact a perfect subject for us to practice on.
You see Cassandra, small breasts do have advantages.
So how should we do this?
Well, what's the most pleasurable way to be touched on your nipples?
Errr... Well, I guess like I it best from a tongue.
Indeed. The human tongue is ideally suited to such a task. It is soft, strong and extremely dexterous.
So we should lick her nipples?
Yes.
Lick my nipples?!