You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally, as I explain I would like you to massage the girl's buttocks.
Yes Mr [surname].
Now remember to have a really good feel Miss Newman. Make sure to really get to know Cassandra's buttocks so that you are able to spank her with optimal efficiency.
That's bullshit Miss, he just wants you to grope my arse.
Quiet Cassandra, I'm concentrating. These are new punishment techniques I'm trying to learn.
Punishment techniques?! What kind of punishment is this? You're just molesting me.
Do you prefer being spanked Cassandra?
Well, no I suppose not.
Would you describe the current sensation as pleasant or unpleasant?
Well, I guess it feels OK.
Then be quiet. Let Miss Newman concentrate on your bottom. There is a lot for her to assess.
Oh my God! Fuck you!
I'm going to massage your buttocks now Cassandra.
Miss Newman, are you really just going to stand there while this man gropes me?
Mr [surname] is just doing his job Cassandra.
Seriously?!
These punishment techniques are very effective, it's all in your best interests.
Bullshit. He's a pervert and he just wants to feel my arse.
Cassandra's punishment system is still in development and this action is not currently available.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK, Miss Newman please stroke Cassandra's inner thigh as we did with Debbie.
Yes Mr [surname].
OK Cassandra, in order to help you remember this punishment better I'm going to give you a little pleasure along with the pain.
I'm just going to gently stroke your inner thigh.
Woah! What the fuck?!
Quiet Cassandra.
Your hand is brushing up against my pussy!
I know.
Well stop it then!
No. Just try to relax. Doesn't it feel good?
I... Well... Yeah, I guess it feels OK but thats not the point!
The point Cassandra is that you persist in your bad behaviour. We are constantly forced to test out new ways to punish you.
Some very good scientific studies have shown that a mix pf pleasure and pain is the most effective way to correct the behaviour of naughty girls.
Scientific studies?! Bullshit, you're just making this shit up.
Oh Cassandra. Why is it so difficult for you to show respect to your teachers?
I don't care about school. It's a waste of time.
It's that bad attitude that has led you to your current situation young lady.
If you just listened to your teachers and concentrated in class your life would be so much easier.
No, I...
Cassandra, we're trying to help you.
Mmmmm... What...
Stop fighting us. Can't you tell we want whats best for you?
Mmmmm... Yes Miss.
Good work Miss Newman.
Ew.. Gross. Get your hand out from between my legs you dirty old pervert!
Don't pretend you aren't enjoying this. I can feel how wet your knickers are getting.
Fuck you.
All in good time Cassandra.
You do not have enough action points.