So?
People from wealthy families tend to marry people with a similar upbringing.
You think you would have anything in common with a privileged young man?
I might do.
If you want to find a rich husband I would advise looking for men who are a little older than their twenties.
You'd probably be looking for a self made man who is financially independent.
You'd need to find someone who is at least in their thirties.
Thirty?! Ew, gross.
Although to be honest most wealthy men in their thirties would have no interest in a nineteen year old.
What are you talking about? I'm young and hot. Of course they'd be interested in me.
Well actually, most men in their thirties are looking for more than just a hot body.
They are ready to settle down and tend to enjoy the company of older, more sophisticated women.
That can't be right.
To be honest Cassandra men don't start looking to get with much younger women again until their mid-life crisis phase.
That normally doesn't happen until their fifties. Once the kids have grown up and perhaps after a messy divorce.
Fifty?!
Yes, late fifties, early sixties even.
Fuck off!
I'm telling you the truth.
But they'd probably be, like, a CEO or some shit.
Very unlikely I'm afraid. Unless you were just a fling.
A man like that would only be interested in your body. He would use you and discard you.
You're wrong, they'd want a hot wife like me.
Hot will get you gifts and trinkets but rarely an engagement ring.
A CEO would want a woman of class and status for that.
If it's marriage you're looking for you'd probably have to settle for someone a bit lower on the corporate ladder.
A regional manager if you are lucky, perhaps just a moderately successful local businessman.
No way!
Yes, I'm sure a pretty girl like you would have no trouble finding a relatively well off older man.
Provided that man was in his late fifties, probably divorced, most likely bald and overweight.
Picture Mr Wilson and you get the idea.
No!
I am afraid that is the most likely scenario.
But... I'm hot.
I'm afraid Cassandra there are a lot more hot women in the world than there are rich CEO's in their late twenties.
It's just a fact of life that very few women meet their Prince charming.
There must be a way. I don't want to marry a fat, bald, old man.
Of course it is possible.
How?!
A handsome young CEO could have any woman he wants.
If you ever wanted to be more than a one-time fling you would have to be more than just beautiful.
You would also have to be intelligent, sophisticated, charming and elegant.
You would have to be the perfect woman.
You fucking what?! I am, like, totally fucking charming and elegant!
*sigh*
Listen, you've got natural good looks, I'll give you that.
You also seem to be very perceptive and I suspect you have a sharp mind.
You just need to work a tiny bit on your attitude and presentation.
If it will get you to try a bit harder with your school work, I would be happy to give you some pointers.
Why would you help me?