What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
Thank you Miss Newman, I shall take over for now.
I don't have the authority yet to punish the girls myself.
Miss Newman, please take charge of the punishment for me.
No problem Mr [surname]
Cassandra, get dressed but leave off your cardigan and tie.
I'm not your fucking dress up doll.
Go ahead and remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Oh so you want me to strip for you now too?
These are necessary safety precautions.
Whatever. Fine. It's just my cardigan.
Cassandra, get dressed but leave your cardigan and skirt off.
I'm not your fucking dress up doll.
Remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Whatever.
Now Cassandra you are to remove your skirt.
You what?! I won't do that you bloody pervert.
Those are the rules Cassandra, the whole school board agreed so don't go blaming the headmaster.
How the hell did you let him talk you into making us take our skirts off? What's wrong with you?
This is all in your best interest Cassandra. Start behaving better if you don't like it. Now take off your skirt.
You're all bloody perverts.
Cassandra, in accordance with the school's rules, please remove your cardigan, shoes and tie.
Now remove your skirt.
Remove your skirt Cassandra.
bloody perverts.
Put your knickers back on please Cassandra.
I'm not your fucking dress up doll.
Cassandra, please remove your shoes, cardigan, tie and skirt as usual.
Cassandra, please remove your skirt as usual.
The school's rules have been updated. From now on students being punished must strip down to their underwear. You will therefore need to remove your blouse.
I have to take my fucking shirt off now too?!
Watch your language Cassandra.
Yes Cassandra, those are the new rules. I would have thought you'd know better than to argue with us by now.
I don't like where this is going. I don't care what the rules are, I'm not getting naked for you perverts.
All in good time Cassandra.
Bloody pervert.
Cassandra, put your bra back on.
Err... OK.
Cassandra, in accordance with the school's rules you are to remove your skirt and blouse then lower your underwear.
But then I'll be naked...
Yes. I'm afraid so.
Miss Newman if you also wouldn't mind taking off your shirt and bra to make sure the girl feels suitably embarrassed.
No problem sir.
Cassandra you are to remove all clothing as per the new school rules.
Yes sir.
Hands above your head Cassandra, put your feet apart.
This is stupid.
Hands above your head, put your feet apart.
This is stupid.