I bet they are, bunch of bloody perverts! Who the hell are they anyway?
To be honest I don't know much about them. Only that they are a group of very wealthy individuals.
Wealthy?
Oh yes. From what I understand they pressured the government into changing the law to allow corporal punishments.
They also had this school built in a remote area in a matter of months.
They must be fantastically wealthy.
Really?
Oh yes.
Some super rich men are going to be looking at these photos?
Yes.
Do you think any of them might come to the school some day?
Perhaps.
Oh right. Well, I guess you can take my picture. Make sure to get my good side.
Now hands up above your head feet apart. Let's get a good look at you.
Like this?
That will do.
OK, Cassandra hands up above your head. I'm going to take your picture again for the school's owners.
And the school's rich owners are going to look at these?
Yes they will. Hands up above your head Cassandra. Put your feet apart.
Fine.
Good girl.
I'm not a good girl, don't patronize me.
Now a close up of your face.
Is Cassandra really so vain that she thinks that the school's wealthy owners are going to take notice of her because of a few pictures?
Now turn around.
Excellent. OK Cassandra, that's enough for now. Come back and stand over by my desk.
Yes Mr [surname].
You're going to take my picture again?!
Yes Cassandra.
But I'm topless...
Yes you are Cassandra, I'm afraid a lot of people are going to see those little breasts of yours.
Now hands above your head. I'm going to need to take pictures of your body.
Good, well done. Now come stand back in front of my desk
Come on now Cassandra you know better than to try to cover yourself.
Please sir, I don't want people looking at naked pictures of me.
We're not posting them on the internet Cassandra. It is only myself and the school's owners who will see these pictures.
Now hands up above your head, feet well apart. I'm going to need to photograph your vagina as well today.
Yes sir. If I have to.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally please give the girl a spanking.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to spank you now Cassandra.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally please give the girl a spanking.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to spank you now Cassandra.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally please hit Cassandra's bottom with this ruler.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to spank you with this ruler now Cassandra. I'm afraid this is going to sting.