OK Miss Newman. That will be enough for now.
How do you feel now Cassandra?
My fucking bum hurts, how do you think I feel?! Can I go now?
No. Go stand in the corner.
What?!
Stand in the corner, facing the wall. Keep your hands on your head and stay there until I tell you to leave.
Why?
So you have time to think about your bad behaviour and how you ended up in this situation.
This is bullshit.
Thank you for your help Miss Newman. I shall see you later.
See you later, sir.
OK, let's check the school's account. The school's owners have transferred me [earnings] credits.
I've also received a bonus of 50 credits from the school's owners for Cassandra's pictures.
Hey! Keep you hands on your head Cassandra.
I can't even rub my arse?!
Not until you are given permission. Do you wish me to get Miss Newman back in here to spank you further?
No.
You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK Cassandra. Come stand back over here.
To the untrained eye it might appear that Cassandra will be a tough girl to crack.
However, it is often the case that girls who are outwardly the most uncooperative are in fact the easiest to deal with.
My impression of Cassandra is that she is cruel, selfish and vain. All qualities that make a person easy to manipulate.
Tricking her into behaving should actually be fairly simple and she's already told me almost everything I need to know.
She wants to marry a rich older man to give herself a life of luxury and privilege.
Unfortunately for her, no matter how hot she is she'll never find the perfect man without a decent education and a much better attitude.
Our goals are therefore the same. All I need to do is persuade her that is the case.
Perhaps I can even offer some advice on finding a rich husband as an incentive for her to improve her behaviour.
Cassandra is not ready for this yet.
So Cassandra you don't care about your school work because you plan to marry a rich older man, is that right?
Yeah, so what? It's a good plan.
Perhaps. However, you do realise that a lot of women have the same goal?
Not all of you will be successful.
I'm really hot though. I shouldn't have any trouble.
I admire your confidence. However, do you have any experience dating older men?
Yeah. I dated a guy who was, like, twenty four.
Twenty four?!
Yeah.
That's not very old Cassandra.
Only compared to you, old man.
How long did you date this twenty four year old?
Maybe, like, a week.
I see. So you're actually very inexperienced.
Whatever.
Tell me about this fictional perfect future husband of yours.
He'll be tall, dark and handsome. He'll be in his mid to late twenties and he'll be a millionaire.
Ha! You do realise that most men in their twenties don't have any money.
They haven't had a career for more than a few years and they have huge debts.
They would be much more interested in finding a partner with a job to help pay the bills.
There are guys in their twenties who have money.
Yes, certainly. Although they will almost always come from a wealthy family.