As I've said before, I just want you to do well with your school work and, as it happens, our goals are aligned.
If you want to marry the perfect man you'll need him to believe you are his equal.
You'll never manage that without a decent level of education.
Whatever. Let's say you're right and I need to be, like, more sophisticated.
Why would I take dating advice from some pervert. I doubt very much that you would know what rich men look for.
As a man I know a bit more about it than you, Cassandra.
Why don't you just listen to my advice. What's the worst that could happen?
Fine, I'll listen but this had better not just be an elaborate excuse to do pervy stuff with me.
Perish the thought.
What do you suggest then?
Well, let's try something very simple first. I just want you to smile.
Smile?
It's a facial expression to denote happiness or sociability.
I know what a fucking smile is!
Well, I have yet to see you make one so I wasn't sure.
Why do I need to smile?
Men are generally much more attracted to a smiling face than an angry one.
You want to make a good impression for that wealthy man when he first spots you across the room.
Stop scowling for a minute and show me your smile Cassandra.
Alright.
Hmmm... Less forced and more sincere please. Smile with your eyes and your mouth.
Fine.
Much better! Perfect.
I'd say you just increased in attractiveness several times over.
Can I stop now?
No. Try to keep it up. In fact, I want you to practice a little more this evening in front of the mirror.
Then tomorrow try smiling for the other girls and see how they react differently to you.
And this is going to help me find a rich husband?
It will most definitely improve your chances.
Fine. I suppose I can give it a go.
Good girl Cassandra. You can go now and make sure to practice that smile.
Whatever. I'm out of here!
I should spy on Cassandra tonight. She'll probably be in Debbie's room again.
Cassandra is not ready for this yet.
Cassandra is not ready for this yet.
Cassandra is not ready for this yet.
OK Cassandra, you can get dressed and go now.
Finally.
I need to make sure I spy on Cassandra's room this evening straight after her spanking to see how she reacts.
Developers Notes: Cassandra's punishment system is a work in progress and only certain actions are available in this game version.
Unfortunately we did not have time to work on Cassandra's punishment system for version 0.9. However, her classroom punishments and public punishments been updated. Cassandra's storyline remains a high priority for the next game release.
I don't know much about Cassandra yet, certainly not enough to devise a proper strategy for punishing her.
I should spy on her this evening when she is in her dorm room to see how she reacts to her spanking.
Well done, you have maxed out Cassandra's pain, humiliation and pleasure and raised her to the next level.
You cannot advance Cassandra to the next level in this version on the game. More content for Cassandra is coming soon. Make sure you have completed all her events in her quest log.
You cannot advance Cassandra to the next level in this version on the game. More content for Cassandra is coming soon. Make sure you have completed all her events in her quest log.
You should order her to undress sir.
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?