Hands above your head, feet apart Cassandra.
This is stupid.
Hands above your head, feet apart Cassandra.
This is stupid.
Hands above your head, feet apart.
Yes sir...
Well done Cassandra. It's good to see that you are finally learning to follow my instructions.
Cassandra, you are to lay across Miss Newman's lap.
Oh my god. You are such a pervert. Let's just get this over with.
I'm a grown woman, you shouldn't be allowed to do this to me.
Are you ready for me to begin Mr [surname]?
Hmmmm... Not yet. I want you to check something first. Please lift the girl's skirt for a moment.
Yes Mr [surname].
Hey!
She has regulation underwear on.
Yes, she does. I'm glad to see you are obeying some rules Cassandra.
Yeah, I'm not stupid. I thought something like this might happen.
Was that what you wanted me to check for sir?
No, actually I wanted to see if you noticed anything different about Cassandra's bottom compared to the other girls we've had in my office?
Hmmm... Well, it's a lot fuller.
Yes, indeed. Cassandra has quite a bit more padding than Debbie for example.
Hey! What the fuck are you trying to say?!
I'm saying you have a large bottom Cassandra. Now be quiet, Miss Newman and I are having a conversation.
Oh my god. Fuck you.
So why does the size of her bottom matter sir?
Well, it means two things. Firstly, there is more padding and secondly there is a larger surface area.
Stop talking about my arse!
I told you to be quiet Cassandra. Please correct the girl if she tries to speak again Miss Newman.
Yes sir.
Now as I was saying, given the size of Cassandra's behind...
Stop saying that!
Ow!
Thank you Miss Newman.
Given the size of Cassandra's behind you will need to spread the blows evenly between cheeks.
You will also need to adjust the force of your blows to account for the extra padding.
In a moment I shall ask you to have a really good feel of Cassandra's bottom. I want you to have a good feel to assess the thickness of muscle and proportion of fat. This will help you apply the correct amount of force.
Plus as we learnt with Debbie, alternating between spanking and massage increases the effectiveness of the spanking.
No problem sir.
Let me know what you'd like me to do next sir.
Let me know what you'd like me to do next sir.
Let me know what you'd like me to do next sir.
Let me know what you'd like me to do next sir.
Take off your skirt Cassandra and lay across my lap.
Cassandra, you are to lay yourself across my lap.
Across your lap?!
Yes Cassandra. I shall be spanking you myself today.
Ah, what pleasing sight.
I'll be honest with you, Cassandra. I've been looking forward to putting you across my knee for sometime.
I'll bet. Pervert.
It is only because you are such a troubled young women and I badly want to help improve your behaviour.