Yes sir.
It's too much!
Shhhh... Relax Cassandra. Don't fight it and you will start to enjoy the sensation.
Oh God!
You do not have enough Action Points.
Miss Newman, as you know one of our main goals when punishing the girls is to cause the maximum response from the least amount of actual physical harm.
Cassandra's exposed nipples provide use us with an excellent opportunity to put this principle into practice.
Let's move in front of her shall we.
Nipples are extremely sensitive and a light pinch can cause as much pain as a hard smack to the bottom.
That makes sense. The less we have to actually hit the girls the better right?
Indeed. Let's test this out on Cassandra.
Sure. She's very small though I'd want to be careful not to really hurt her.
Yes, applying the right amount of pressure can be a little tricky.
Perhaps if you would allow me to demonstrate on you first?
Sure. Good idea.
Take your thumb and forefinger and gently pinch the nipple.
Start lightly at first and then steadily increase the pressure.
Oh yes, that's starting to hurt a little.
Be sure to carefully observe the student's reactions.
Once the student has started to display discomfort then you'll want to give the nipple a little twist.
Ouch.
Perhaps even a slight tug.
Oooh.
Then you'll want to alternate between pinching, twisting and tugging.
Mmmmm...
Um, aren't I the one supposed to be being punished?
Quiet Cassandra.
How does this feel?
Well, it's painful sure but it's not entirely unpleasant. It feels kinda good too.
Indeed. Interesting isn't it that just the right amount of pressure can cause both pleasure and pain simultaneously.
Mmmmm...
OK, I think you've got the idea. Let's try it on Cassandra.
Sure, so who goes first?
I'll supervise you for the first time.
Sure. Hold still now Cassandra.
Eeeek. No stop.
Hands back up over your head Cassandra.
Please be gentle. My nipples are very sensitive.
Hands behind your head.
But Miss...
If you cannot stay still Cassandra I shall have to hold back your arms myself.
There. Proceed Miss Newman.
Wait Miss, please don't, they are too sensitive.
Shhhh... It's OK Cassandra, this will only hurt a bit.
You might find that you enjoy it a little bit too.
Eeeek!
I'm just going to give them a bit of a pinch, OK?
Ouch!
Ooooh...
Oh Miss... That feels funny.