Oh wow.
She appears to be almost permanently daydreaming in my lessons and she has admitted that it is sexual thoughts that are distracting her.
Is that true, Liz?
Um... Yes.
Why is that?
Liz here is suffering from a common paraphilic disorder. What we psychologists would refer to as exhibitionism.
I know the term, sir. But what does that mean exactly? That's not the same as a being a nudist, is it?
No, it's not. Nudism is non-sexual. Nudists simply enjoy being in their natural state.
An exhibitionist, on the other hand, gains sexual pleasure from exposing themselves to other people.
The greater reaction the exhibitionism elicits in others the more enjoyment they get.
This is usually considered harmless behaviour although it can sometimes become problematic.
How so?
Problematic exhibitionism is most commonly associated with men who flash their privates or even masturbate in front of unsuspecting women.
It is a vulgar and threatening act that can leave the victim feeling violated.
Female exhibitionists are thought to be rarer, however, that may just be down to female nudity being considered less threatening and so it is less likely to be reported.
Women also have many more opportunities to display their bodies in socially acceptable ways, in skimpy clothing or bikinis for example.
As long as Liz learns to find healthy outlets for her desire to be seen naked then I do not see a problem with her condition.
What I am more concerned about is how much these thoughts are distracting her from her studies.
What do you propose we do, sir?
Well, we need to put Liz off from her problematic behaviours and also help her to find acceptable ways for her to explore her exhibitionism.
Hopefully, then she will be able to focus more on her school work.
I see. She's already naked in front of us. Will that be enough to satisfy her need to expose herself?
No, I'm afraid not. Remember that it is not being naked that arouses an exhibitionist. It is the response elicited in others.
Oh yeah.
Liz stripped naked almost as soon as she arrived here. Not to enjoy the freedom of being naked as a naturist would.
Her motivation was to cause me to become aroused. It is my reaction to her nudity that excites her.
That makes sense.
Are you trying to turn on the headmaster, Liz?
Um...Maybe.
You are very attractive.
You think so, Miss?
Yes. Definitely. I don't know about the headmaster but I'm certainly enjoying the view.
Me too, Miss Newman. Me too.
So what do we do with her?
I have an idea, but first the young lady needs to be spanked for daydreaming in class.
A little pain should put her in the right frame of mind for what I have planned next.
Yes, of course. Do you want to do it or shall I?
I'll take care of this one.
No problem, sir.
Let's get you over my knee, Liz.
Oh my God, what is that pressing against my tummy?
That is my erect penis.
Oh wow.
Does that normally happen when you spank girls or is that just for me?
Do you fancy me, Mr [surname]?
If you're going to take all your clothes off, you're going to give men erections, Liz.
You can hardly blame the headmaster for getting a little excited.
Yes, thank you, Miss Newman. I will now proceed with the spanking.
Hello liz.
Undressing already? I haven't decided on your punishment yet, young lady.