You can clean yourself up afterwards.
Yes sir.
That felt naughty, sir, but I enjoyed it.
Me too, Miss Newman. Once again, thank you for being willing to try new punishment techniques.
Liz is certainly going to be more of a challenge for us to discipline given how nudity doesn't humiliate her as easily as the other girls.
However, I'm sure we will find a way to get through to the girl in time.
I'm sure you'll think of something, sir. Anyway I'd better get dressed.
See you later, sir.
A private spanking to be carried out here in my office. I have sent for Miss Newman she should be here any moment.
Knock knock
Hello Miss Newman. liz has been daydreaming in class again, I think she needs another spanking.
No problem sir.
Go ahead and remove the rest of your clothes, liz.
Yes sir.
OK Liz, now let's get you over my knee..
I will now proceed with the spanking.
A public punishment. I'm afraid you must be made an example of to the other girls.
Today you will be cleaning the school grounds.
In accordance with the schools rules, please strip down to your underwear. I will then write the schools initials on your chest with a non-permenant marker.
But I'm not wearing any underwear Mr [surname].
That is unfortunate, young lady, but of course you know what that means.
I have to do it in the nude?
No no no, of course not.
You can keep your shoes and socks on if you're working outdoors.
Go ahead and take your skirt off now please.
Good girl. Now to write the school's initials on your chest.
There. Perfect. You can go now young lady.
There are a lot of dead leaves in the main courtyard. I suggest you grab a broom and get sweeping.
Yes sir.
liz spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
Liz was equally embarrassed and excited to be walking around naked with a rude word written across her chest. The other girls were shocked to see her exposed so publicly and were keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +5.
In accordance with the schools rules, please put on this t-shirt emblazoned with the schools initials.
Do I have to wear the T-shirt?
Yes Liz, for now.
I should really upgrade that rule at the school board as soon as possible. It would be good to see Liz cleaning the ground in the nude.
There are a lot of dead leaves in the main courtyard. I suggest you grab a broom and get sweeping.
Yes sir.
liz spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
She was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends and she was embarrassed to be walking around with a rude word written across her chest. The some of the other girls noticed her and were keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
There are a lot of dead leaves in the main courtyard. I suggest you grab a broom and get sweeping.
Yes sir.
liz spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
She was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends. The other girls barely paid her any attention though and the effect on discipline was minimal. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
OK liz, thats enough for now.
So, um... Are you guys going to mastubate over me again?
Would you like that, Liz?
Um... Maybe...
I'm game if you are, Miss Newman.
OK.
Cool.