Yes, Miss Newman, I'm afraid going to have to do something even more indecent to dissuade Liz from her problematic exhibitionism.
More indecent than showing her your erection?
I think to really make Liz understand how it feels to be the victim of an uninvited sexual display I will need to ejaculate onto the girls face.
Really sir? Are you sure that's a good idea?
Yes. As you know, humiliation forms an important of my punishment method.
If the girl enjoys being seen naked then we will need to experiment with more novel ways to embarrass her.
I cannot think of a more effective way to humiliate a girl than masturbating onto her face.
That's true enough, but what if she enjoys that as well?
She came here with the intention of turning you on and she's clearly loving the attention.
Aren't you just giving her what she wants?
Perhaps. In that case though we have helped fulfil one of her exhibitionist fantasies and she might be able to focus more in class.
I suppose it's worth a try, plus Liz did deliberately give you that erection and you need to take care of it.
Indeed. Please hold the girls head still until I have finished.
Yes sir.
Hold still now, Liz.
Oh my God.
I'm sorry that it's come to this Liz, but you need to know how it feels being the victim of such lewd behaviour.
It's all well and good to enjoy exposing your body but you need to do so in socially acceptable ways.
Flashing your bits at unsuspecting people for your own sexual gratification is hardly any different from what I'm doing to you now.
Just remember this feeling next time you consider such sexually inappropriate behaviour.
OK.
Mmmmm...
I'm shortly going to ejaculate onto your face and then you are going to go and stand in the corner as my cum trickles down over you.
I know that this is a humilating experience for you but humiliation is an important part of a proper punishment.
Uh...
Are are OK Sally?
I'm feeling pretty turned on as well to be honest. Liz is really pretty and you have such a nice cock.
Well, I'm sure the punishment will be even more effective if you join me. Two teachers masturbating over her will be more humiliating than one.
Can I?
Of course. Go right ahead.
Thank you, sir.
Oh wow, you too, Miss?
Mmmmmm...
How do feel Liz to be on your knees, naked, being mastubated over by your teachers?
I... I don't know... I feel...
Humilated?
Yes, but more than that. I feel attractive. I feel sexy.
I guess she is still enjoying herself, sir.
Well, no matter. At least we have helped the girl understand her sexual desires and given her the kind of experience she has been craving.
Do you think this experience will be enough to satisfy her exhibitionist fantasies?
I doubt it, but it is a good first step.
Mmmmm... I think I'm nearly ready to finish...
Me too, sir.
Ahhhh..
Mmmmmmm....
Ahhh....
Wow. You both came looking at me.
I meant it when I said you are very attractive, Liz.
Cool.
Now go stand in the corner and reflect on everything you've learnt about yourself this afternoon.