Hello liz.
Undressing already? I haven't decided on your punishment yet, young lady.
Oh right. Sorry.
Liz, for misbehaving I sentence you to...
Hello sir, one of the students, Liz, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Liz.
Hello Mr [surname]. So, this is my first time in your office and I'm not sure what happens.
Do I take my clothes off now?
Normally I like to have a little chat with naughty girls before ordering them to undress.
But I'm going to have to take them off though, right?
Most likely.
Well I'll just go ahead and get it out of the way then.
Sure, although I haven't actually decided on your punishment yet.
Liz I am concerned about your inability to concentrate in class. Clearly you are being overwhelmed with your newly discovered urge to expose yourself.
Um... Maybe, a little bit.
A little bit? You just walked into my office and started stripping naked.
You're excited you show me your body aren't you?
Yes sir.
Why don't you push your hair back and show me properly?
OK.
Does it turn you on to see me naked, sir?
Is that what you want, Liz? To turn me on?
Maybe.
Be careful what you wish for, young lady.
Liz is getting off on exposing herself to me but these feeling she's having are new to her. She doesn't fully understand what she is doing or why.
I need to help her to understand the nature of her desires so that she is able to properly fulfill them.
Hopefully then she will be able to start concentrating on her school work.
I believe that punishing Liz may require a completely different approach to normal.
Since she enjoys being naked I'm going to have to find new ways to humiliate her.
I may have to focus on punishing her publicly, ideally with as large an audience as possible.
I think making progress with Liz might actually be easier in the classroom setting than here in private.
I must be sure to give Liz a naked spanking in front of her classmates. Perhaps it would also be a good opportunity to use the vibrator that the schools owners gave me.
I think more public punishments in class will be the best way to make progress with Liz.
Still, perhaps I can indulge some her exhibitionist fantasies here and now.
I should call Sally here to watch as I sexually humiliate the girl.
Liz, I'm afraid that for day dreaming in class, I'm going to have to spank you. Do you consent to your punishment?
Yes sir.
Good. I have sent for Miss Newman. She should be here any moment.
Knock knock
Come in.
Woah! Liz is completely naked?!
Yes, she just stripped off without me even ordering it.
Really?
Liz, you know the rules don't say you need to take your underwear off.
Yeah, but I don't have any white underwear, Miss, so I've been going without for a while now.
Really? You couldn't borrow a pair of knickers off someone else?
Um...
Liz has been walking around with no underwear on and has been exposing herself at every opportunity.
Just the other day she purposely flashed her vagina at me in class.