Oh right. Sorry.
Liz, for misbehaving I sentence you to...
Ow!
OK, that's enough for now. Stand up Liz for the next part of your punishment.
Are you alright, sir?
That, um... Looks a little uncomfortable.
I'm fine thank you, Miss Newman.
So what now, sir? You said you had an idea.
Yes, I do. We need to help Liz find an outlet for her exhibitionism but we also need to put her off from her more problematic behaviours.
I would like to carry out one further punishment fitting for her crime. One that might kill two birds with one stone.
On your knees, Liz.
What are you going to do, sir?
Liz flashed her privates at me in class and now she has come into my office and stripped naked in an overtly sexual display.
She was hoping to excite me for her own perverse gratification.
That's true, sir. She's admitted as much.
This is exactly the kind of problematic exhibitionism I was talking about and she needs to understand why that is innappropriate.
She needs to know how that feels from the reverse perspective.
Therefore, as the next part of her punishment, I should do to Liz what she did to me.
You mean...
With your permission, Miss Newman, I think that I should now extract my own genitalia to show the girl.
You want to get your dick out?
Yes. Liz is getting cheap thrills out of exposing herself but she doesn't yet fully understand the effect this can have on other people.
She should be made to experience the same thing.
Is that going to be a problem?
No sir.
She did flash her vagina at you in class. She should know how it feels the other way around.
Go on then. Let's see it.
Alright.
Actually, I suspect that Liz might enjoy this. She was hoping to arouse me and what better way to show my arousal than getting out my erection.
This is exactly what Liz has been hoping to see.
Oh. Wow.
Take a good look Liz and see what you've done.
Tell me, how does it feel to be on the receiving end of an indecent exposure?
It's really big.
This reversal has been a long time coming, young lady.
You've been strutting around the school with no knickers on. Letting your skirt blow up in the wind. Flashing your intimate areas at me in class.
What did you think was going to happen if you carried on that way?
Where do you think it was going to end you up?
Well, now you know; right here, on your knees, staring at my hard cock.
You need to learn that there are consequences to that kind of behaviour.
That your sexual urges are not something that you can thrust upon others whenever you feel like it.
How does it feel now the tables are turned? Now that you are the victim of an unsolicited sexual display?
How does it feel to be nothing but an object for someone else's sexual gratification?
I...
I like it.
Errr... Doesn't seem like your punishment is working, Mr [surname]. She's still enjoying herself. Even more so, now.
It seems that way, Miss Newman. Liz is more of an extreme case than I thought.
Just as I suspected. Liz enjoys being naked but it is the reaction of those viewing her that really excites her.
Seeing me want to pull out my erection is exactly the reaction she was subconsiously hoping for.
Understanding her desires is the first step towards fulfilling them.