Meow.
What will happen if I touch you...
Here?
Oh God... Yes...
Purrrrrrr...
Rachel is clearly enjoying this. Her little body is trembling.
I think she will be ready soon for her first orgasm. Not quite yet though. First I need to test her training to make sure she has learned to accept her body.
OK Rachel, why don't you come sit on my lap.
I really think that you have come a very long way recently.
Even after seeing Miss Newman topless this afternoon you were able to relax and forget about your body insecurities.
Yes sir. When I'm pretending to be a cat I forget about all of those things.
You've done very well Rachel.
I want you to put the confidence building technique I've taught you to good use.
Your new homework from me is to shower with the other girls.
What?!
Yes, tonight when the shower room is at its busiest I want you to go in there and drop your towel.
Sir, I don't think I'm ready for that.
The other girls have all seen you topless already during the sports match.
Some of the girls yeah, but it was only me and Alice with out our shirts off.
Everyone knows Alice has the biggest boobs in the school. Everyone would look small by comparison.
In the shower though all the girls will be naked and they'll see that I'm the smallest.
They'll make fun of me, like they did at my old school.
Plus you won't be there to make me feel better.
You've made great progress Rachel. You're confident now being topless in front of me. Now is the time to take the next step.
I can't. I'll be too embarrassed. All the other girls are so gorgeous and so curvy.
All the girls here are beautiful Rachel but not all of them are curvy. You have been so concerned with your own body have you really taken the time to look at the other girls?
Well, no I guess not.
Get naked with the other girls Rachel. I think you find that many of them have small breasts and they do not feel ashamed of them.
I don't know...
If you find yourself struggling just remember to channel your inner cat. Be proud and confident and stride naked across that shower room like you own it.
Oh, gosh. OK sir, I guess I'll give it a try.
Good. That's all the time we have for today though I'm afraid.
OK sir. Can we play this game again sometime?
Of course we can. Anytime we are in my office together in the afternoons.
Yay.
You better get dressed and get going Rachel and don't forget your new homework.
Yes sir.
You can tell me how it went next time you're here.
Although clearly I'm going to have to watch for myself through the window.
I don't know enough about Rachel yet to know how best to help her.
Rachel is not ready for this yet.
I don't want to push things to far too fast with Rachel. She's still very inexperienced.
I should test how comfortable she is being naked in front of me before I do this.
I should get changed with her again in the locker rooms. Perhaps on Thursday afternoon when Sally is out for a run.
OK Rachel. Let's do some role play again.
I get to be a cat again?
Yes, come around here and put your cat ears on.
Yay!
Are you going to pet me, Mr [surname]?
Actually I wanted to talk to you about the homework I gave you.