If you cannot stay still Rachel I shall have to hold back your arms myself.
There. Proceed Miss Newman.
Wait Miss, please don't, they are too sensitive.
Shhhh... It's OK Rachel, this will only hurt a bit.
You might find that you enjoy it a little bit too.
Eeeek!
I'm just going to give them a bit of a pinch OK?
Ouch!
Ooooh...
Oh Miss... That feels funny.
I thinks she's starting to enjoy it a little sir.
Yes, well done Miss Newman, you are a natural at this. Please continue.
I'll go first and show you how it's done.
Hold still now Rachel.
Wait no stop. My nipples are too sensitive.
Hands back behind your head.
But Sir...
Miss Newman, could you please restrain the girl.
Yes sir.
Eeeek!
Shhh... It's OK Rachel, the headmaster is just going to pinch your nipples.
It will hurt a little but you might find that you enjoy it a little bit too.
OK Rachel, this is going to pinch a little.
Ouch!
Ooooh...
Oh Mr [surname]... That feels funny.
I think she's starting to enjoy it a little sir.
Yes, just the right amount of pressure can have a highly confusing effect on the student.
Miss Newman, I shall hold Rachel back, please can you pinch the girl's nipples?
Yes sir.
Miss Newman, please restrain Rachel so I can pinch her nipples.
Yes sir.
I really I'd like to make Rachel orgasm by spanking her while she grinds up against my cock.
It would be sensible to build up a little more pain and pleasure first. I should save this action for last.
Rachel for this next punishment you'll need to strip down to your panties.
Yes sir.
Miss Newman, you'd better take your top off as well.
Sure.
OK, Rachel we are going to try a slight variation in this position. I want you to sit up on my lap now please, facing me.
Um... OK.
Like this, Mr [surname]?
Yes Rachel. Just like that.
What's the point of putting her in this position, sir?
It's so my erection will press against her pussy while I'm spanking her but I should probably tell Sally something else. For now at least.
Err... Well, because the traditional over the knee position doesn't allow the disciplinarian to see the reaction of the student to their punishment.
But putting Rachel in this position I am able to spank her and see her face at the same time.
It should allow me to more efficiently judge the correct amount of force to use.
Oh, OK.
I imagine it's more embarrassing for the student to be spanked in such an intimate position as well.
That is most likely true, Sally. Another good reason for employing it.