I need to find a way to make her take her top off in front of the other girls to observe her reaction. Perhaps during the sports lessons.
I know how she reacts to undressing in front of her peers but I do not know how she reacts when she is alone.
I should make her change into a punishment outfit for a public punishment and see how she reacts.
I don't know enough about Rachel yet to know how best to help her.
Rachel is not ready for this yet.
OK Rachel, you are nearly ready to put some of the confidence building exercises I've taught you to good use.
But first let's practice a little shall we? Why don't you come round over here.
Do you want me to be a cat again?
I think it would be beneficial for you, but only if it's something that you enjoyed Rachel.
Would you like to be a cat again?
Yes sir.
Um, should I put my shirt back on?
Do cats wear shirts Rachel?
No, I suppose not.
This game is designed to help you feel more confident.
To help you forget about your usual hang-ups about your body.
Don't you think it will be more effective if you remain as you are?
I guess you're right, OK. Are you going to pet me again?
If you want me too?
I do.
I mean...
Meow.
I will pet you and I want you to just enjoy it, like a cat would.
No worrying about what I think of your body or how you compare to other women.
Do you think you can do that?
I'll try.
Purr...
Oh hey there again little kitten.
Oh you're very friendly today aren't you?
Let me tickle you behind your ears.
Purr purr.
You want to get up on my desk again?
Meow meow.
Oh so you want to go straight to the petting this time do you kitty? Well sure thing.
You want me to rub your tummy again?
Meow.
OK then.
Purr...
Do you like it when I rub you here?
Purr. Purr..
How about here.
Mmmmm... Purr.
And here?
Oooohhh...
Purr... Purr... Purrr...
You relax kitten and let me pet you. Let me make you feel good.
Forget about all your worries everything that bothers you. Those are things are for humans.
You are a cat. You live in the moment my touch is the only thing you are aware of.
Purr...
You're a sensitive little pussy aren't you.