Mmmmmm... Oh Sir...
You see sweetheart, this is all just to make you feel good.
Oooh, it does feel good.
Miss Newman, I shall hold Rachel back, please can you lick the girl's nipples?
Yes sir.
No, stop! It's too much! It's too much!
Relax Rachel. Don't fight it and you will start to enjoy the sensation.
Oh God!
Oooh, it does feel good.
Miss Newman, please restrain Rachel so I can lick her nipples.
Yes sir.
It's too much!
Shhhh... Relax Rachel. Don't fight it and you will start to enjoy the sensation.
Oh God!
You do not have enough Action Points.
Miss Newman, as you know one of our main goals when punishing the girls is to cause the maximum response from the least amount of actual physical harm.
Rachel's exposed nipples provide use us with an excellent opportunity to put this principle into practice.
Let's move in front of her shall we?
Nipples are extremely sensitive and a light pinch can cause as much pain as a hard smack to the bottom.
That makes sense. The less we have to actually hit the girls the better right?
Indeed. Let's test this out on Rachel.
Sure. She's very small though I'd want to be careful not to really hurt her.
Yes, applying the right amount of pressure can be a little tricky.
Perhaps if you would allow me to demonstrate on you first?
Sure. Good idea.
Take your thumb and forefinger and gently pinch the nipple.
Start lightly at first and then steadily increase the pressure.
Oh yes, that's starting to hurt a little.
Be sure to carefully observe the students reactions.
Once the student has started to display discomfort then you'll want to give the nipple a little twist.
Ouch.
Perhaps even a slight tug.
Oooh.
Then you'll want to alternate between pinching, twisting and tugging.
Mmmmm...
Um, aren't I the one supposed to be being punished?
Quiet Rachel.
How does this feel?
Well, it's painful sure but it's not entirely unpleasant. It feels kinda good too.
Indeed. Interesting isn't it that just the right amount of pressure can cause both pleasure and pain simultaneously.
Mmmmm...
OK, I think you've got the idea. Let's try it on Rachel.
Sure, so who goes first?
I'll supervise you for the first time.
Sure. Hold still now Rachel.
Eeeek. No stop.
Hands back up over your head Rachel.
Please be gentle. My nipples are very sensitive.
Hands behind your head.
But Miss...