Does it... Does it look OK?
Yes Rachel it does. You have a normal, healthy looking vagina for a woman of your age.
In fact, I'd go as far as to say its one of nicer ones I've seen.
Really?! Have you seen a lot of vaginas, Mr [surname]?
Oh yes, very many. I can safely say that yours is one of my favorites.
Yay! Thank you sir.
Now Rachel, I need to see how you've been touching yourself to make sure you are using the right techniques.
Let's see if we can figure this problem out together.
OK.
Um... Well, I usually start by touching myself...
Here.
OK, good. Show me how exactly.
Yes sir.
How does that feel?
That bit is very sensitive.
Yes, that is where the clitoris is located. Defintiely a key area to pay attention to. What else have you been doing?
Well sometimes I put my finger in too.
OK, I'll need to see that as well. Try getting your feet up on the desk so I can see clearly.
Um... OK.
Like that Mr[surname]? Can you see OK?
Yes dear, very well. Please proceed.
Mmmmm...
So does that feel better than rubbing your clitoris?
Um... I don't know about better, just different.
Hmmmm... Yes, that makes sense.
Am I doing it right, sir?
Yes, what you're doing looks like a perfectly good technique.
Then why haven't I been able to orgasm yet?
It is as I've suspected from the beginning Rachel. Your problems achieving climax are entirely psychological.
I think you are close though, a little extra push is all you need.
Of course there really is only one thing left for me to do to help you.
What's that, sir?
I must give you your first orgasm.
Oh wow!
Once you have experienced one I believe you shall have no trouble giving yourself an orgasm during masturbation.
You mean? You're going to masturbate me?
Yes.
But you and Miss Newman touched me there before and I didn't orgasm.
Yes Rachel but as I've explained before it will be more difficult for you to achieve an orgasm for the first time.
You will need to be relaxed and comfortable. The chances of us giving you your first orgasm here in my office are quite small I'm afraid.
I suggest we try this in your dorm room tonight where you feel comfortable and relaxed.
But men aren't allowed in the dorms.
No. They are not. You'll need to let me in through the window and you'll need to keep it a secret.
A secret?! Gosh! What if you get caught? Won't you get in trouble?
Yes I will, but this is important Rachel and worth the risk.
Wow. You'd do that for me, sir?
Yes I would. I care deeply about helping my students, especially you Rachel. I have become quite fond of my little trainee.
Oh goodness. I like you too Mr [surname].
That's very sweet of you Rachel.
Leave your window open tonight and I'll sneak in.