My efforts to make her feel less anxious about her appearance have been a little too effective.
It seems that way sir. If she's not embarrassed then the punishment won't work as well. Isn't that right?
Indeed. We will need to try something different.
What did you have in mind, sir?
Well, I noticed when we were all in the locker room that Rachel became very uncomfortable seeing you change.
It is my belief that Rachel has some deep seated envy of more curvy women.
Perhaps seeing a more voluptuous woman undress will trigger that envy and cause the humiliation that she needs.
Watching us in the mirror were you?
I, err...
So what you are saying is that we need a curvy woman to undress for us here to make Rachel jealous?
Wait, what?
Precisely.
And that's going to make her more embarrassed and make the punishment more effective?
I believe so.
Well, if that's what we need to help her then I guess I'll take one for the team.
Thank you Miss Newman. I can always count on you.
Is it OK if I just take my top off?
Hmmm... To be most effective I think that your bra will need to come off too.
OK sir. It seems a bit unusual but it's hardly the strangest thing you've asked me to do.
There, do these make you jealous Rachel?
Whaaaaa...
Miss Newman, I don't know if I've mentioned this before but you have a very fine pair of breasts.
Thank you sir.
Really I mean it. What man could resist those?
Rachel have a good look at your teacher's boobs.
I've seen them before.
Have a good look Rachel. That is an order.
Yes sir.
Aren't they something?
Yeah, I guess.
Feel them.
What?!
Just give them a little squeeze. Tell me how they feel.
Yes sir.
Well?
They feel soft but firm.
What else?
They feel heavy.
Do you like the way they feel?
Yes sir.
Do you feel jealous?
Yes.
I'll bet. So large and round. So perfectly formed.
You like small boobs like mine though right?
Oh yes Rachel, of course. You have very cute girlish little bumps. They are really rather adorable.
Miss Newman's breasts on the other hand are very sexy and womanly.
I'm embarrassed to say that seeing Miss Newman here with her shirt off is starting to give me an erection.
That's OK sir. It happens to a lot of guys around me even when I have my shirt on.
I...
I think that did the trick sir.