Well, rather than me rubbing your dick with my hands I could rub it with my pussy. Like I was doing while you spanked me.
That way I can masturbate both of us at the same time.
That is a good idea Rachel.
Yay! OK let's give it a go then.
Mmmmm... Your dick feels so good against my pussy, Master. Even better than your fingers.
It feels good for me too Rachel.
Mmmmmm...
Master.
Yes Rachel.
This is a bit like having sex isn't it?
A little bit, yes.
It feels so good. I think I'd like to have sex with you for real, sir. I'd like you to be my first.
That's very sweet of you.
I don't think it will fit inside of me though. Your dick is way too big.
Perhaps not yet Rachel.
Like I said before, it will be possible. You'll just need to practice with something smaller first.
Do you mean with a dildo?
Yes. Give me some time and I'll buy something online.
Really?! You'd go to all that trouble for me?!
Of course.
Thank you Master! I'll practice with it everyday until you can fit inside of me. In the meantime I'll make you orgasm like this anytime you need!
Excellent. I knew you were a good choice for my pet.
Are you going to cum master? I can feel my orgasm building again already.
Not quite yet Rachel. I might need a little more stimulation. Try to go a little faster.
Yes master!
Oh Master, I'm going to... I'm going to...
Me too Rachel!
Oh goodness, Master! That shot off really far!
Mmmmmm... that felt so good. I think I'm going to like being your pet, Master.
I think I'm going to enjoy it too.
Anyway Rachel, we don't have any more time this evening, you need to get back to the dorms.
We can spend more time playing our game in the afternoons in my office.
OK. I'd like that Master.
Rachel can now be summoned to your office for punishment. A new action is available when playing with her in your office in the afternoons.
I think Rachel has been mostly cured of her body envy. However, she may still have some lingering issues.
I must continue to observe her behaviour as she follows me around the school. Particularly when I am interacting with the other students.
OK Rachel, you can get dressed and go now.
Yes sir.
And don't forget to do your homework.
I should spy on her room this evening to make sure she does as she was told.
I don't know Rachel very well yet and the girl seems very shy.
I doubt I will be able to make much progress with her training until I learn a little more about her.
Perhaps I should spy on her this evening when she is in her dorm room to see how she reacts to her spanking.
Time to punish Rachel again.
I know she spends her nights staying up and playing computer games.
Staring at a screen late into the night is a surefire way to ruin your sleep.
She needs to learn to relax and I think I know exactly what she should be doing.
Before I make any suggestions though I'll need to give her a proper dose of pain, humiliation and pleasure.
Rachel is not reacting as strongly to light massage as Debbie and she derives no pleasure from being body searched by Miss Newman.
It's too early in her training to be overly sexual, so I'll need a more subtle way to give her pleasure.