OK!
Make sure you are showered and ready for bed. You'll be feeling very sleepy once I'm finished with you.
Yes sir.
Get dressed and run along now Rachel and I'll see you tonight.
See you tonight, Mr [surname].
It's defintiely a risk sneaking into Rachel's room but I think it will be the best place to give her an orgasm.
Hopefully then she will be able to masturbate herself in the evenings and she'll start getting a better nights sleep.
Rachel is not ready for this yet.
Come round and stand next to me please, Rachel.
Should I put my cat ears on?
Of course.
Um... Since cats don't wear clothes I should really take my knickers off too, shouldn't I?
Here.
So, did I take my punishment well Mr [surname], do I get my reward?
Yes Rachel, you do.
Yay.
Rachel, you've done a great job for me as my trainee and so I have decided to promote you to a new position.
I see bright things for you when you put your mind to it Rachel. Someday you could be in an executive position such as myself.
Really?
Yes. All you need is some training. That is why I am promoting you from my Personal Trainee to my Personal Executive Trainee.
However, I shall be abbreviating your job title to P.E.T. or pet
Pet?
Yes, do you accept your new job Rachel? Will you be my pet?
Yes sir! So what will be different about my job exactly?
Well, an executive trainee is a little different to a regular trainee.
You see managing a big organisation like a company or a school can be very stressful and executives, like me, require extra help to unwind at the end of a long day.
Not only will you be shadowing me in my day to day duties and learning all there is to know about being in a leadership position.
You will also be assisting me in a more personal way, to relax.
OK! I can do that.
You will get a number of special privileges and you will get a special tie to mark you out as my personal aide. Here, put this on.
Gosh. It's a little tight, Mr [surname].
Thats fine, you'll get use to it.
You will also be permitted to wear your cat ears whenever you want.
Oh cool.
There is a slight downside I'm afraid. Pets must be totally obedient and so to make sure you are well behaved I will need to continue your punishment sessions even if you haven't done anything wrong.
Oh, um... I guess so.
Now the role I've given you Rachel will be difficult but rewarding. You shall be tired at the end of the day and hopefully you will no longer have any trouble sleeping.
As my pet we will have to spend a lot of time together so it's important that we form a strong bond both emotionally and physically.
Yes headmaster.
No Rachel, our relationship has changed from headmaster and student. As my pet you should simply address me as Master from now on.
Now come here, my pet, and sit on my lap.
Yes Master!
My goodness, your dick is really hard Master. Is that because of me?
Yes Rachel.
Gosh, I'm sorry. Do you need me to masturbate it for you?
Yes my pet. That would be most helpful.
Anything for my Master. I'll help you feel comfortable and relaxed anyway I can. That is my job now after all.
There's a good girl.
Actually I had a thought when you were spanking me just now.
Yes?