Rachel, you know I have better things to be doing with my evening than sitting here and watching you getting spanked.
The least you could do for me spending my time trying to help you with your grades is to thank me.
Um, thanks I guess.
Hmmmm... With a little more sincerity please.
Thank you for punishing me Mr [surname].
Good girl.
Rachel is not ready for this yet.
Rachel I want you to try doing your special homework again this evening.
Um, OK sir. I'll give it another go.
Good girl.
So Rachel. I want you to tell me about your night-time habits.
How do you get yourself ready for bed in the evenings?
Well, I like to get in my PJ's as soon as I can.
Good.
Then I just play on my computer until I get tired, which normally isn't until pretty late.
Hmmm... Not so good. What kind of computer games do you play?
I like MMORPGs.
Sorry?
Online role playing games.
I see. Listen Rachel, I'd like to give you some very important advice.
It's not something that a teacher would normally discuss with a student.
However, I believe it is my duty as your headmaster to help you with your studies in whatever way I can. Even if that means discussing things that may seem a little embarrassing.
Is it OK if I ask you a personal question Rachel?
Um... Yes.
Do you masturbate?
What?!
Do you stimulate your genitals with your fingers or a toy to provide pleasure?
I know what masturbation is!
Well then, you should be able to answer my question.
I don't see what this has to do with me playing computer games?
It has everything to do with it Rachel. This is vitally important for me to know.
Now, please answer my question. I cannot help you if you do not open up to me.
Um... Well, I have tried it.
Tried it?
Yeah, a few times.
Only a few? Have you been able to give yourself an orgasm?
I don't think so.
Then no, you haven't.
Please give me some more details on what you are doing.
Sir, this is too embarrassing! Why do you want to know about this?!
I'm sorry to be making you uncomfortable Rachel but this is very important.
Firstly, I want you to know that masturbation is nothing to be ashamed about.
It is a natural and healthy thing for a young woman to be doing.
Masturbation helps relieve stress, reduce anxiety and improve sleep quality.
Really?
Yes Rachel. These are well known scientific facts. Feel free to google it.
I believe that swapping late night computer games for masturbation may be the key to helping you get a good night's rest.
Your homework from me tonight is to touch yourself.
Gosh!
Explore your your body with your hands and try to figure out what makes you feel good.