Hmmmm... I think I know just the position.
A new action has been unlocked for the headmaster in the over the knee position. Use it to have Rachel straddle your lap facing you while you spank her.
Please note Rachel has reached her maximum level for the current version of the game. Click on Rachel's icon in your office on weekday afternoons for a repeatable pet play / masturbation event.
Well done, you have maxed out Rachel's pain, humiliation and pleasure and raised her to the next level.
You cannot advance Rachel to the next level in this version on the game. More content for Rachel is coming soon. Make sure you have completed all her events in her quest log.
You should order her to undress sir.
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
Thank you Miss Newman, I shall take over for now.
I don't have the authority yet to punish the girls myself.
Miss Newman, please take charge of the punishment for me.
No problem Mr [surname]
Rachel, get dressed but leave off your cardigan and tie.
Um... Yes sir.
OK Rachel, you can start by removing your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Yes sir.
Rachel, get dressed but leave your cardigan and skirt off.
Err... OK.
Remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Yes sir.
Now Rachel you are to remove your skirt.
My skirt?!
Oh yes. Didn't you read the bulletin? There is a new school rule. From now on you are to remove your skirt whenever you are being spanked.
Oh my.
Rachel, in accordance with the school's rules, please remove your cardigan, shoes and tie.
Now remove your skirt.
Remove your skirt Rachel.
Um... Yes sir.
I know Rachel has body confidence issues so I'm not fully certain how she will react to be made to take her shirt off in front of Sally and I.
Perhaps I should continue my observations of the girl first.
This action is locked until you are a little further in Rachel's story. Be sure to follow her quest log.
Put your knickers back on please Rachel.
Um... OK.
Rachel, please remove your shoes, cardigan, tie and skirt as usual.
Rachel, please remove your skirt as usual.
Now, the school's rules have been updated. From now on students being punished must strip down to their underwear. You will therefore need to remove your blouse.
You're going to punish me in just my knickers?
Yes Rachel. It's not my fault if you chose not to wear a bra.
Well, OK. I guess you've seen my boobs before anyway.
Hmmm... Rachel seems a lot happier to undress now that I've built up her confidence a little.
It's good that she is becoming more proud of her body, however, if she is too comfortable being naked in my office then that will be a problem.
My punishments will not be effective without humiliation.
I doubt Rachel has been completely cured of her body envy. Perhaps I can have Miss Newman make her jealous.
You seem much more confident about your body these days Rachel.
Yes sir.
Perhaps too confident.
Miss Newman. It seems Rachel is no longer embarrassed to undress in front of me.