Meow.
Would you like to be stroked kitty?
Meow.
Let me pet you behind the ears.
Purr...
How about I stroke your back?
Purr... Purr...
Oh, do you want me to rub your tummy?
Meow.
OK then.
Purrr... Purrr...
Rachel definitely seems to be enjoying herself.
Do you want to sit on my lap kitty?
Meow.
There, you make yourself comfortable.
Rachel has taken to being a cat very well.
I think that I could get used to having her act like this around me more.
Purr... Purr...
Part of every girl's training should be to find them a role.
A way for them to contribute to the running of the school.
Some girls would be good at helping me enforce discipline.
Some girls will be good at helping me develop new disciplinary techniques.
Some girls will be good at acting as my eyes and ears around the school.
However, I think that Rachel would be better suited to a different kind of position.
A role that would help me on a more personal level.
It's stressful running a school and as the headmaster it is essential that I find ways to relax.
What could be more relaxing than having a sweet kitten to play with?
I believe I shall make Rachel my pet.
She's not ready yet but her training is going well and she will be soon.
Hmmmm... I think she's fallen asleep.
Rachel.
Oh gosh, headmaster I was falling asleep. You're so warm and comfy.
Thank you. So, do you like being a cat?
Yes. It's nice.
Well next time you start to feel anxious about your body I want you to remember this game.
Be more like a cat and don't care what anyone else thinks about you.
OK sir. I'll try.
Good girl Rachel. I think with a bit more practice with this kind of role play you will have much improved self esteem.
You really think so?
I do. We can practice in my office in the afternoons.
Yay.
When Rachel is following you (weekday afternoons) you can now pet her in your office. Some of your interactions around the school have also now changed.
That's all the time we have today.
You can go now Rachel, oh and don't forget to do your homework young lady.
You know which homework I mean.
Hehe. OK.
I should spy on Rachel's room again this evening. Hopefully now she has less anxiety about her body she will be able to do better at her homework.
I don't know enough about Rachel yet to know how best to help her.
I need to observe her behaviour around the school. Particularly in places that make her feel uncomfortable.
I suspect that she has some body issues but I am yet to work out the exact cause. Until I do, I don't think I will be able to help the girl.