Try to make yourself orgasm if you can but do not worry if you are unable to achieve one.
Orgasms for girls can be complicated to achieve and can take a lot of practice.
The majority of women experience their first between the ages of eighteen and twenty four.
So it is perfectly normal for it to take a while to figure out.
However, the effort will be well rewarded if you are able to get a good night's sleep and to pay more attention in class.
So are you willing to give it a try?
Um... Yes sir.
Good girl Rachel.
Rachel is not ready for this yet.
So Rachel, how did your homework go?
Um...
You did do the homework I gave you?
Yeah.
And...
Um, I'm not comfortable talking about it.
Look, that's OK. Don't be discouraged if you didn't orgasm, like I said it can take practice.
While you teach yourself how to relax in the evenings I have decided on a way to help you feel more tired during the day.
More tired?
Yes, clearly you still have far too much energy in the evenings.
I am going to assign you the role of my personal trainee.
Trainee? What do I have to do?
You are to shadow me in my day to day activities and assist me with various duties.
I hope that by the end of each day you will be more tired and will find it easier to sleep.
Gosh, um... Do I have to?
This is a good opportunity, Rachel. Think of it as an internship.
Yeah but I'd rather play on my computer.
You would rather play computer games than learn valuable life skills?
Um...
Listen, clearly you not tired enough in the evenings and this is the best way I could think of to tire you out.
Would you rather I have you run laps around the school grounds until you pass out from exhaustion?
No.
Because that would be the much simpler option. I only suggested you working for me as a favour to you.
I think seven miles every evening should be sufficient. I shall have Miss Newman supervise you.
Errr... No that's OK. I'll work for you sir.
Good choice Rachel. You won't regret it. You can learn from me and I can learn a little about you at the same time. Maybe that way we can help work out the root cause of your video game addiction.
Report to my office tomorrow lunchtime.
You shall be following my schedule in the afternoons from now on.
Yes sir. What am I going to have to do exactly?
Just report to my office at lunchtime tomorrow.
Yes sir.
Rachel is not ready for this yet.
I want to try building up Rachel's body confidence with a little animal role-play.
I should buy some cat-ears from the online store first before trying this.
OK Rachel, you remember I told you I knew about a way to help you build some body confidence. Would you like to give it a try?
Yes sir.
Great, come round here beside my desk please.
OK.
Now this technique I'm going to teach you is a little unconventional but I assure you it is highly effective.
It was developed by one of the country's foremost psychologists and it has been tested extensively.
By which I mean, I came up with it and I am testing it on you.