You mean... My special homework?
Yes Rachel. Your masturbation. How have you been getting on with it?
Um... Yeah fine.
Fine?
Yup.
Now Rachel I will need more than one word answers. These are very important questions.
Please do not be shy and tell me truthfully. Have you been able to achieve an orgasm?
No sir.
I tried for a while but I just got a bit frustrated and gave up.
Did you rub your clitoris?
Sir!
Do you know where your clitoris is, young lady?
Please sir. This is embarrassing. I can't answer that.
I told you not to be shy Rachel. I need to know these things if I'm going to be able to help you.
But you're a man. I can't talk about my private parts with a man.
Listen very carefully Rachel. Yes, it is embarrassing to talk about these things with me.
However, you must remember that I am not only your headmaster but I am also an expert in psychology.
Think of me more as a doctor than a teacher. I am only trying to help you.
Um...
Please also try to remember what will happen to you if you fail from this school.
What is a little embarrassment now compared to a lifetime of missed opportunities?
I suppose...
Now tell me exactly how you touched yourself. Did you rub your clitoris?
Yes sir.
How did that feel?
It was really sensitive. It felt nice when I touched myself there.
Did you try inserting one of your fingers into your vagina?
A little way.
I see.
Well, it sounds like you're doing things right but I can't really be certain without seeing for myself.
Huh?
Drop your knickers, Rachel and sit up on my table with your legs apart, facing me.
What?!
I'll need you to show me exactly what you were doing.
But sir! I can't do that.
Rachel, under normal circumstances I would never suggest such a thing to a student.
However, time is not on your side. The sooner you are able to orgasm, the sooner you will be able to get a good night's sleep.
It would be wrong of me not to do everything that I can to help you to do better at school.
It's too embarrassing!
You must overcome your embarrassment Rachel. Be like a cat, remember? You must not care what other people think about your body.
Well, I do really want to orgasm. So I guess I could try letting you help me.
Come on now Rachel, don't be shy. Cats don't get embarrased remember.
Good girl.
Now sit up on the desk facing me.
Yes sir.
I'll need to see what's going on down there, Rachel. You'll need to spread your legs.
Um... OK.
N...No one's ever seen me like this before, Mr [surname]. I... I hope you like how my vagina looks.
I'm sure I will, let's have a closer look shall we.
Hmmmm...