OK Miss Newman. That's enough for now.
Go stand in the corner Rachel. Hands on your head, facing the wall.
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
OK, let's check the school's account. The school's owners have transferred me [earnings] credits.
I've also received a bonus of 50 credits from the school's owners for Rachel's pictures.
You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK Rachel. Come stand back over here.
I'd like to go now please sir.
Off to play computer games?
Um...
Rachel is still resisting her training. She's probably not ready for me to begin testing her obedience yet.
I should spy on her dorm room this evening and see how she reacted to her punishment.
Yes sir.
I think Rachel is starting to respond to her training. I think it's time to begin testing her obedience.
I'll start her off with something simple.
Rachel still remains something of a mystery, the best way to help still remains unclear.
I'll need to focus on learning more about her by observing her behaviour around the school.
I've finally discovered Rachel's weakness. The path to making her an obedient student is now clear to me.
The first step will be building up her body confidence through a little animal role-play.
How are you feeling Rachel?
I... I feel embarrassed.
Why?
You like Miss Newman's body more than mine.
I never said that Rachel. I merely said that I admired her physique.
You simply assumed that I preferred her to you because of your own insecurities.
You must learn to stop comparing yourself to others and be proud of your body for the way it is.
So you do like me more?
Listen, what I have been trying to teach you is that that is irrelevant.
It's not about who is more attractive in my eyes or anyone else's. Everyone has their own preferences for body size and shape.
There is no one body type which is universally attractive.
Let me ask you this, are there are male celebrities your friends like but you don't?
Yes.
Are there men you find attractive but other girls aren't interested in?
Yes.
It is no different for boys Rachel. Each has their own ideal women.
Anyway, you know I like your breasts. There is no need to hide them away from me.
I'll let you in on a little secret Rachel, I actually think you're one of the prettiest girls in the whole school.
Really?!
Come on, where is that adorable smile of yours?
Much better. How about we play our game again? I think it will help you feel less self-conscious.
I'd like that sir.
It's just us here now Mr [surname], shall we play our game again?
Rachel is not ready for this yet.