Perhaps I should buy some of the ointment that I saw Donna use in her dorm room. Rachel seemed to enjoy having it rubbed on her bottom and it should be an easy thing to convince Miss Newman to do.
I don't think I'm going to be able to cause enough humiliation yet.
Perhaps I can convince the school board that skirts need to be removed as part of a punishment.
I should also try buying a camera to take pictures of the girl during her punishment and embarrass her that way.
I should have everything I need now. I should use the ointment to give her the pleasure she needs and have her remove her skirt to provide a little humiliation.
I should have everything I need now. I should use the ointment to give her the pleasure she needs and take her picture to provide a little humiliation.
Before I make any progress with Rachel I'll need to see how she got on with the homework I assigned her.
I should spy on her room tonight.
From what I've witnessed so far from spying on Rachel I believe she is very sexually inexperienced. I'll need to take things slowly with her to begin with.
Before I make much progress with the girl it will be essential that she learns how to masturbate properly and how to achieve an orgasm.
This will help her get to sleep, but it is also an essential part of her training.
She seems a long way off from being able to orgasm though and I'll need to figure out if there is an underlying psychological cause.
Given her fear of being seen naked I suspect she has some issues about her body. This could be a major factor preventing her from climaxing.
She is too shy to open up to me at the moment and I won't be able to make a diagnosis by just watching her through her bedroom window.
I'll need an excuse to spend more time with her.
I'll tell her she needs to be my trainee and that she must follow me around the school. That way I can observe her more closely in a variety of situations.
First though she will need to be convinced to accept the position. A healthy dose of pain, humiliation and pleasure should do the trick. 
I don't think I'm going to be able to cause her enough humiliation yet though. I need to convince the school board that skirts must be removed during punishment.
I don't think I'm going to be able to cause her enough pleasure yet. I need to convince Miss Newman to touch the girls on more sensitive parts of their body.
Rachel is not the right girl to practise on though. Debbie seems to react much more strongly to Miss Newman's touch. I should focus on her training for the moment.
I feel like I know Rachel a lot better now and I've got a good idea of how to go about making her a better student.
She worries far too much about what other people think of her appearance. 
I need to teach her to be less anxious about her body and I think a little animal roleplay should help with that.
First she will need a good dose of pleasure, pain and humiliation to make her more susceptible to suggestion.
I'll need to purchase some cat ears from the online store as well.
I don't think I can progress without humiliating the girl some more. I should buy a camera from the online store too.
Rachel is still staying up too late. I should spy on her room again to work out what's going on.
So I know Rachel is still staying up too late and has not yet had any success in giving herself an orgasm.
I will need to take a more direct role in helping the girl.
She needs more pleasure, more pain and more humiliation.
I've reached the limit of what I can achieve with the current rules in place.
Perhaps if I could convince the school board that the girls need to remove their shirts during punishment.
With her sensitive nipples exposed, Sally and I should be able to cause plenty of additional pleasure and pain.
Not to mention, a lot of humiliation.
A new rule is available at the school board. Convince the school board that shirts must be removed during corporal punishment.
That rule would be too hard to enforce at the moment though. Discipline is still too low.
I won't have any chance of introducing that rule until I can start punishing the girls myself.
Discipline is currently capped at 50. The cap will increase once you can start to punishing the girls yourself with your more advanced disciplinary methods.
So I know Rachel is still staying up too late and has not yet had any success in giving herself an orgasm.
I will need to take a more direct role in helping the girl but she's not ready for that yet.
She needs more pleasure, more pain and more humiliation.
I need to convince the school board to allow me to make Rachel take off her shirt for punishment.
OK Rachel, time for your training to really kick up a notch.
Now I can make her remove her shirt, I should have no trouble causing all the pain, pleasure and humiliation the girl needs.
Now that Rachel is comfortable being naked when we are alone together I think it's time to help her have her first orgasm.
After the punishment is finished I will make her masturbate in front of me to assess her technique close up.
If necessary I will then give her a little helping hand.
I'm pretty sure I've given Rachel as much pain, pleasure and humiliation as I can with the current methods available to me.
I'll need to come up with a new way to punish her. One that provides direct stimulation to her genitals without removing her underwear.
When I masturbated her in her room she got very turned on when she was felt my erection. So ideally I would need to have that pressed against her.