Good, well done. Now come stand back in front of my desk
Come on now Rachel you know better than to try to cover yourself.
Please sir, I don't want people looking at naked pictures of me.
We're not posting them on the internet Rachel. It is only myself and the school's owners who will see these pictures.
Now hands up above your head, feet well apart. I'm going to need to photograph your vagina as well today.
Yes sir. If I have to.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally please give the girl a spanking.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to spank you now Rachel.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally please give the girl a spanking.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to spank you now Rachel.
You do not have enough action points.
OK Sally please hit Rachel's bottom with this ruler.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to spank you with this ruler now Rachel. I'm afraid this is going to sting.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK Sally, as we did before I would like you to massage the girl's buttocks.
Yes Mr [surname]. I'll just lift her skirt up out of the way.
Um, Miss Newman. What... What are you doing?
Mr [surname] says that a good punishment should combine light massage as well as spanking.
Really?
Yes the contrast in sensations is supposed to make the punishment more effective.
Does it make you feel uncomfortable Rachel?
A little but it's much nicer than being spanked so I don't mind.
I'm going to massage your buttocks now Rachel.
Um, what's going on?
I'm rubbing your behind dear, this is just a normal part of your punishment.
Oh. It feels kinda nice.
Good. You know you have a very small bottom Rachel.
I'm sorry.
Sorry?! For having a small bottom?
Men like big round bottoms don't they?
Some men do but I wouldn't worry yourself about that. I think you have a cute bottom.
Don't you think it's cute Miss Newman?
Yes sir. Lots of women would kill for a slender body like yours Rachel.
If you say so.
You do not have enough Action Points.
OK, Miss Newman please stroke Rachel's inner thigh as we did with Debbie.
Yes Mr [surname].
OK Rachel, in order to help you remember this punishment better I'm going to give you a little pleasure along with the pain.
I'm just going to gently stroke your inner thigh.
Miss Newman! Oh my gosh, your hand...
Shhh... It's OK Rachel, this is just part of punishment.
But your hand, it's brushing up against my...
Shhh... This is just to help you remember your lesson better.
It's very sensitive Miss.
Yes Rachel, I know. That why I'm touching you there.