It feels nice.
Enjoy the sensation while you can Rachel. We shall resume your spanking shortly.
You do not have enough action points.
Miss Newman, I'm afraid that Rachel's behaviour has not been improving. I believe a paddling is in order.
Yes Mr [surname].
A paddle?! Oh my gosh.
I'm going to hit you with this paddle now Rachel.
You do not have enough Action Points.
Let's get Rachel out of that skirt please for the next part of her punishment.
Miss Newman, please gently trace your finger across the young lady's vagina.
Yes Mr [surname].
Oh my gosh! Miss Newman!
Shhhh...
Miss Newman, you're touching my... My pussy.
Yes dear, I know it may seem strange but I'm doing it to help you.
But that's a private area you're not supposed to touch me there.
Listen Rachel, we've spanked you several times now and you still haven't learned your lesson.
Mr [surname] and I are trying a different approach to try and correct your behaviour.
A little pleasure along with the pain of the spanking will help you remember your lesson so you won't keep making the same mistakes.
If you want me to stop and go back to the spanking I will.
Oooooh...
Do you want me to stop?
No Miss, it feels nice.
I know dear. Hopefully you'll remember this in the future.
In fact I want you to think about this lesson when it's time to go to bed tonight.
I definitely will Miss Newman.
OK Rachel, for the next part of your punishment I'm going to gently rub your vagina.
My vagina?!
Oh my gosh! Sir!
It's OK Rachel, just relax.
But... But a boy has never touched me there before.
Never?
No sir.
Well, I'm sorry that your first time has to be part of a punishment.
Don't be sir. It feels really good.
I know dear, a little pleasure along with the pain of the spanking will help you remember your lesson better.
Oooooh...
Now I want you to think about this when it's time to go to bed. Especially when you are doing your homework.
Mmmmm... Yes sir.
OK Miss Newman. For the next action I want you to take, I need you to stand right up close behind Rachel.
You do not have enough Action Points.
You do not have enough Action Points.
Miss Newman, I think that we shall look at a new way to give Rachel some pleasure.
What did you have in mind sir?
Well, with Rachel's nipples exposed a highly sensitive area has become available for us to take advantage of.
Let's have closer examination of Rachel's chest shall we?
Yes sir.
Now, Rachel's breasts and nipples are clearly very small indeed. However, this makes them no less of a suitable target.
In fact given their small size the nerve ending are likely to be much more concentrated.
Women with smaller breasts often have much more sensitive nipples.