Ooooh, my bottom is sore.
Go stand in the corner. Hands on your head, facing the wall.
Hands on your head Faye. You are not permitted to rub your own bottom.
Oooooh.
Thank you for your help, Miss Newman.
No problem, Mr [surname]. See you later.
OK, let's check the school's account. The school's owners have transferred me 200 credits.
You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK Faye. Come stand back over here.
Post punishment options will be added for Faye in a later update.
OK Faye, you can run along now.
Getting Faye to pass her exams is going to be tough. She's way behind where she needs to be at the moment and I worry that she won't be studying hard enough outside of school.
I think Faye could do with a tutor outside of lesson time. I need to find a suitable girl to help her study after school, I should keep my eyes open for someone suitable.
A public punishment. I'm afraid you must be made an example of to the other girls.
Today you will be cleaning the school grounds.
In accordance with the schools rules, please strip down to your underwear. I will then write the schools initials on your chest with a non-permanent marker.
I have to walk around in my underwear?!
Yes, I'm afraid so. Hopefully the shame you feel will encourage you to try harder in class in the future.
Go ahead and strip, young lady.
Yes sir.
Good girl. Now to write the school's initials on your chest.
There. Perfect. You can go now young lady.
There is a lot of litter down by the beach. I suggest you start there.
Yes sir.
Faye spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
Faye was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends and she was embarrassed to be walking around in her underwear with a rude word written across her chest. The other girls all saw her and were keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +3.
In accordance with the school's rules, please change into this t-shirt emblazoned with the schools initials.
OK, where do I get changed?
You can change right here, young lady.
Oh gosh. Um... OK.
Good girl, Faye. You can go now.
There is a lot of litter down by the beach. I suggest you start there.
Yes sir.
Faye spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
Faye was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends and she was embarrassed to be walking around with a rude word written across her chest. The some of the other girls noticed her and were keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
There is a lot of litter down by the beach. I suggest you start there.
Yes sir.
Faye spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
Faye was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends. The other girls barely paid her any attention though and the effect on discipline was minimal. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
Private punishment to be preformed by myself and Miss Newman. She should be here any moment.
Knock knock
You called for me, sir?
Yes Miss Newman, Faye here needs to be punished again.
No problem.
Faye is still having trouble remembering important things especially when under pressure. This is a bad combination when it comes to her exams.
I'll need to teach her some more memory exercises and test her under increasingly difficult conditions.
Please note, Faye's storyline will continue in a later update.
OK, please remove your tie, skirt and shoes, young lady.
Yes sir.
Now please remove your shirt as well.