Hello sir, one of the students, Faye, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Faye.
...
You OK?
I'm a little bit scared, sir.
I understand. First time being punished in my office can be a frightening. However, you are perfectly safe here, Faye.
Please do not be afraid. Fear will only cloud your mind and stop you from learning your lesson.
Take a deep breath and try to relax.
I'll try.
Now, before we begin, I like to make sure all girls understand why they are here and what they can expect from one of my punishments.
Have you ever been spanked before?
No sir.
Well, I won't lie to you, it will be painful. You will leave here today with a sore bottom.
However, with a little luck, you will also be more focussed on your studies in the future.
We employ cutting edge disciplinary techniques at this school as you saw during my classroom demonstration.
You will receive a combination of therapies, including spanking to discourage bad behaviour and pleasurable touching to encourage good behaviour.
You will be touched in places you may not have been touched before. However, please understand that everything we do here is in your best interests and is all designed to help you become a better student.
Are you going to put that thing in my bottom again?
Perhaps. How did you find that experience?
It was very uncomfortable at first and it made me feel... Funny.
Funny how?
Oh... Um...
I think Faye quite enjoyed the experience. I must be sure to make use of the butt plug again with her when I get the chance.
So Faye, do you consent to your punishment today?
Yes sir. I do want to pass my exams. I don't want to be in secondary school forever. If you really think this will help than I'll accept my punishment.
Good girl, Faye. I appreciate your willing attitude.
Tell me, is there any reason you struggle so hard with your memory?
No, I don't think so. I've always just been a bit forgetful. It's just the way I am, I guess.
Nonsense. What if I were to tell you, that your memory can be trained, just as easily as you can train your muscles.
Really?
Yes. With enough practice anyone can become a memory master.
I don't know, sir. Even when I do know something I forget it when I'm stressed or flustered.
I always remember the code for the girls locker room when I go in, but when Cassandra kicks me out in the nude I panic and my brain just fogs over. I suddenly can't remember anything.
The same thing happens whenever I have to take exams. I just get stressed and can't think straight.
Faye, I see two problems we need to help you with. First, is your poor memory. Second is your inability to think under pressure.
We'll need to solve both problems or you'll never be able to pass your exams.
I am going to teach you some memory exercises and you're going to practice them under stressful conditions.
By the time I'm done with you Faye, you will have no trouble recalling the most complex information, even during the most challenging exam.
How does that sound?
That would be amazing, sir.
Ok, so first off I'm going to teach you what's known as a mnemonic device.
Let me give you an example of how to remember something tricky. First, I want you to recall the code to the girls' locker room.
Oh, well that's easy it's four, seven, five...
No wait, it starts with an eight.
Or is it a six?
Hmmmm... I think there's a three in there somewhere as well.
Ah well, that was worth a shot.
OK let's try a different example. Do you know the names of the planets and their order from the sun?
Errr... Not really.