It's Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. Now, remember that as I'm going ask you to recall the planets in order after your punishment.
No way! I'll never remember that. I've forgotten the order already.
That's where the mnemonic device comes in. Instead of trying to remember all the planets in order, we remember something like; My Very Educated Mother Just Served Us Noodles.
Every word begins with the letter of the planet.
Oh, I see. My Very Educated Mother Just Served Us Noodles. I think I can remember that.
OK good. Let's see how well you can recall it after a thorough spanking.
Oh my gosh!
knock knock
Ah, Miss Newman good timing. I was about to give Faye here her first spanking. Please remain here as a witness.
No problem, sir.
Faye's punishment system will be developed in a later update. Currently, she can be only be given a spanking and you will receive a fixed amount of 200 Credits. If caught misbehaving again she can also be punished in class or given a public punishment after school.
OK, please remove your tie, skirt and shoes, young lady.
Yes sir.
Now please remove your shirt as well.
Yes sir.
Good. I'm going to grab a chair now and you are going to lay yourself across my lap.
Oh gosh.
Don't be afraid, Faye. Just focus on remembering that mnemonic device and see if you can keep it in your head.
Are you ready?
Um... What if I say no?
We're not going anywhere until your bottom is a nice shade of red, young lady. But I will give you a little more time to mentally prepare yourself if you need it.
No, that's OK. I guess I'm ready then.
OK good, here goes.
Hello Faye.
Hello, Mr [surname]. I'm sorry I forgot something in your lesson, sir. I think I did know it, I just got flustered and my mind went blank.
Don't worry Faye, we'll work on improving your memory and your ability to think when under stress.
Unfortunately though, I do need to punish you today. Consider this punishment as an extra incentive to practice the memory exercises I will be teaching you.
Faye, I sentence you to...
That's enough for now.
Ooooh gosh, that stings.
OK Faye. Now, I want you to remember the order of the Planets. Get them all right and we'll stop the punishment now.
Um...
Remember the mnemonic device?
My mother...No. Errr... My very educated mother just served us noodles.
Good and now the planets.
My very educated mother... Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars... 
Just served us noodles... Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune
I did it!
Well done young lady. That wasn't so hard was it?
No, thank you sir!
Now a little gentle massage of your bottom to help the lesson sink in.
Oh, um...
Just relax, Faye. This is an important part of the process. Does that feel nice?
Yes. The skin is very tender but your hands are very gentle. It's taking the sting away a little.
Good. You did well today young lady, but this was just a tiny small step. Frankly, that was primary school level stuff and I need you operating at university level.
We're going to be doing some much more difficult memory exercises going forward and I'm going to have to put you under increasing pressure to test you.
Do you think you can handle that?
I hope so, sir.
Mmmmmm...
Very good. That's your punishment over for today.