{i}It's late and the classroom is empty.{/i}
Knock knock
Come in.
Headmaster.
Ruth.
That's Miss Thomas to you.
What can do for you?
I've been monitoring the students' grades and I have observed a rapid decline in standards since your arrival.
I'm afraid under the contract that this school has with the government should grades fall below a certain threshold then I have a duty to recommend the school be closed down.
I'm afraid the girl's grades have dropped well below the minimum standards.
Nonsense.
It is true Mr [surname]. I shall be calling the secretary of Education herself to recommend the closure of this facility.
Oh shit.
Wait, listen, perhaps you are mistaken about the girls' performance.
No mistake.
Well, let's go chat with some of the girls. We can ask them some questions. Prove to me that they are as bad as you say.
Fine. Let's go now.
OK girls, Miss Thomas would like to ask a few of you some questions.
What kind of questions?
Questions about what you have been taught recently. These are all questions from your recent homework.
First up. A question on Mathematics.
I'm sure Priti could answer that one for you.
You girl, what's your name?
Me? It's Alice.
Oh dear.
In Mr Wilson's math homework he asked you to calculate the angle of a triangle where two of three angles are already known.
How do you work that out?
Errr...
Think hard, Alice. This is important.
Um, is it something to do with the hippopotamus?
Good grief.
I think you mean the hypotenuse and no that's only for right-angled triangles.
Um, do you have to add the two angles together?
Not exactly. The angles of a triangle always add up to 180 degrees.
So in this example, if one angle is 70 degrees and one is 60 degrees what is the third angle?
Um... 90?
No.
Let's try something simpler. Alice, what is five times nine?
Oh err... five times nine?
Yes.
Can I use the calculator on my phone?
No.
Uh, I don't know then.
The answer is 45. Dear me. Not a good start.
Let's try a question on Chemistry.
In Miss Chang's Chemistry homework she introduced the concept of moles. Who can explain to me what a mole is?
How about you? What's your name?
Mary. Um... Do you mean moles on the skin or the cute furry animals that live underground.
No, those are both different kinds of mole. I meant the kind of mole used in Chemistry, based on Avogadro's Constant.
Avocado's what?