Thank you Samantha.
Oh, looks like I have an email. I should check it out
I don't have enough money.
I don't have enough money.
I don't have enough money.
I don't have enough money.
You do not have enough money
You do not have enough money
You do not have enough money
You do not have enough money
You do not have enough money
The cane is a pretty serious implement. I hope I won't have to use this but it will be good to have as a threat more than anything else.
You do not have enough money
It looks like they have the option to buy them in white too. It will be important that Amy complies with the uniform policy while wearing these.
You do not have enough money
Right, so I need to get some Viagra for Mr Wilson.
Oh wait, hang on a second there is a cheaper alternative product here and it's tenth of the price!
Should I...
I've spent enough money on this old prick. I'll get him the cheap ones.
The man has a weak heart. I should probably get him the better quality pills to reduce the chance of negative side effects.
All this will be for nothing if he dies of a heart attack.
You do not have enough money
A package has arrived for you from Spamazon sir.
Great, thanks Samantha.
I have the pills now for Mr Wilson.
Plus everything arranged with the escort agency.
I should visit Mr Wilson tonight and give him the pills. Then I'll arrange for the prostitute to visit him the following night.
I still need to arrange for a prostitute though.
I should summon Trixie to my office and ask if she knows any working girls in town.
I should check my emails to see if I've heard back from the agency.
I'll need to pay that escort agency by responding to their email.
Wait hang on a second... There is a warning label on this bottle. It says 'Not to be taken in conjunction with certain heart medication'.
Didn't Mr Wilson say he had a heart condition. Hopefully this won't be a problem.
Great the paddle has arrived. With this I can have Sally cause a lot more pain during the punishment sessions.
However, I sill need to convince the school board that skirts must be removed before I can really begin her training.
Everything is in place now for me to be able to advance Sally's training.
Next time I catch Debbie misbehaving I will sentence her to a private punishment in my office.
Great my new HD camera has arrived.
Now I'll need to summon Priti to my office.
I can also use the camera to cause the girls some extra humiliation during their punishments.
Great. The school uniform and swim suit samples have arrived.
Oh hey. It came with a free bikini.
I should summon Priti back to my office for her photoshoot.
Great, I have a maid uniform for Lucy to wear.
Ah, it's the apron I ordered. This might come in handy for Lucy while she is cleaning my house.
It's the butt plug I ordered.
Not sure exactly what I'm going to do with this at the moment. It might be a useful way to punish a student should the right opportunity and the right bottom present itself.
Great, it's the pistol I ordered made out of all natural rubber.
This should make the next water fight with the girls a lot more fun.
Oh and it's gold too. Just like the best gun in Goldeneye. How appropriate.