Mmhmhmmhm...
I saw great promise in you and went to some lengths to cover up your little escapades at the teachers' conference. It was no small feat to keep that display out of the newspapers.
I see now that my faith in you was misplaced. I think maybe I should make a call to the police about a raging pervert we have tied up at this school.
Or perhaps a psychiatric hospital might be a more appropriate place for you. Yes, I think that would be most fitting. Most fitting indeed.
Goodbye, Mr [surname].
You have lost the game! Remember to keep grades and discipline above zero.
True to her word Ruth has the school closed down.
Good morning sir. I hope you slept well?
I did, thank you Samantha.
Mr Wilson, the Maths teacher was looking for you. He said to come meet him at his apartment in the evening.
OK thanks Samantha, I will.
Right, what to do now? Samantha said that I could set my own schedule here, so I guess that's up to me.
I can head to the classrooms and teach a class, patrol the halls looking for troublemakers or spend time in my office doing paperwork.
Miss Newman uses the gymnasium in the morning but it's free in the afternoon if I want to coach the girls at football.
Time to head out to campus.
From this screen you can move around the school and talk to characters. When you are ready perform an action to advance time. Available actions for each period are shown in the quick action menu on the right.
This screen also allows you to access the replay feature in the top right. This will allow you to replay any scene which you have seen so far in the game. Events which have not been seen yet will be shown as locked. This will also allow you to keep track of your progress and the remaining content.
Good morning sir. Nurse Kate is here to see you. Shall I show her in?
Yes please Samantha.
Good, I've been looking forward to speaking to the nurse. The physical nature of my disciplinary methods requires the girls to be fit and healthy.
Good morning sir. You have quite a bit of paperwork piling up. You should think about spending some time working in your office today.
OK thanks Sam. I will.
Good morning sir. You still have quite a bit of paperwork piling up. You should think about spending some more time working in your office today.
True, this pile of paperwork is becoming rather large. Thank you Sam.
Good morning sir. I believe Mr Wilson was still looking for you. You'll find him at his apartment in the evening.
Thank you. I'll be sure to visit him.
Good morning sir. I thought you should know Mr Mykock is sending a new girl to the school.
She should be arriving by train tomorrow morning.
A new girl? Do we know her name?
I believe her name is Ada Campbell.
Interesting, I shall look forward to meeting her.
Good morning sir. There are no messages for you at the moment. Let me know if you need anything.
Actually Samantha there is something I wanted.
Yes sir.
I've been thinking recently it might be nice to have a pet.
A pet?
Yes, particularly a cat to keep me company at home or even here in the office.
Do you know if there is a pet shop in town?
I'm sorry sir, its only a small town and we don't have anything like that.
I've not heard about anybody selling cats either. There are some feral ones around but you wouldn't want one of them around the house.
That is a shame.
Sorry about that sir.
No bother, it was just a thought. I can manage without.
Hmmmm... Or perhaps there is some other way to get a pet.
Was there anything else sir?
No, that will be all for now Samantha.
Speak to you later.
Good morning, sir. Mr Mykock texted me and said to remind you to check your emails.
Thanks Samantha. I'll be sure to read my messages.
Good morning sir. There are no messages for you at the moment. Let me know if you need anything.