*Sigh*
You see, Mr [surname].
OK, not great but let's have one more question.
Fine. Let's have a question about history. Your subject, Mr [surname].
Fine.
Who was the leader of the French Revolution?
Oh well, they should all know that. We've studied him a lot.
You girl.
Me?
Yes you.
Oh, um... I think I know this one.
Was it, Napoleon Dynamite.
Oh god.
No dear, you mean Napoleon Bonaparte.
I think my point has been made Mr [surname], now if you don't mind, I have to make some phone calls. Goodbye.
True to her word Ruth contacts the secretary of Education and the school is promptly closed down. GAME OVER.
Try to keep grades above zero! Teach a class to raise grades. Try to get discipline over 20 as soon as possible to stop grades from falling each day.
Hey! What are you girls doing?
We demand to see the headmaster!
Stop you can't just barge in like this!
What the hell do you think you girls are playing at?
Mr [surname], as student president I must inform you that we, the student body, no longer respect your authority as headmaster.
We demand an immediate release from this facility which we consider to be illegal imprisonment in contravention of our human rights.
Furthermore...
Shut the fuck up Maxine!
Ooofff!
We're taking over the fucking school, dickhead!
Whoa, calm down girls, let's be civilised here. We can all talk about this like adults. Debbie, put down that knife.
Shut up! Someone put a bag over his head.
Stand up and start walking! Don't try anything or I'll fucking cut ya!
Seriously Debbie. Don't do anything stupid.
Start moving arsehole!
Where are you taking me?
Good, now tie him up.
Girls, you're taking things too far...
Someone stick a sock in his mouth.
Mmmhmmmhm....
So, like, what now Debbie?
Let's burn him! Let's burn this whole place to fucking ground!
Mmmhmmhmm....
Erm... Isn't that a little extreme Debbie? I don't want to murder anyone.
Fine! I guess you're right. Let's just get out of here then. Make our way to the train station and jump the guards. Maybe we can steal the train, make our way to freedom.
Errm, like, what's that sound?
Shit! Run!
Hey, let me go! Stop it!
Mr [surname]. How very disappointing.
I was midway through a round of golf with the Russian ambassador when I received word of this debacle.
Imagine my irritation at having to fly here and sort out this mess.
I must tell you, the school's owners are most displeased.
Most displeased indeed.