Guys, it's Halloween! Let's forget about movie night and go trick or treating.
Trick or treating? That's an American thing, Charlotte, no one does that in this country.
Some people do. I did it when I was a kid.
Yeah, me too. It's not as popular over here but it's still a thing. I love getting dressed up.
Well, I've never done it. What's even the point of it anyway?
You get dressed up in costumes and you go around the neighbourhood knocking on doors.
If they give you candy you leave them alone if they don't you pull a trick on them.
Sounds like it's for kids.
Yeah, it is but It's still fun. Usually, it gets a bit competitive to see who can get the most candy.
I always got the most out of all the kids in my neighbourhood.
I bet I could collect more sweets than you.
No way, April. I'm a candy collect machine. I would totally destroy you in a competition.
Oh yeah, want to bet on it?
Yeah!
I want to take part too!
Yeah me too.
We should form pairs and see who can get the most candy.
Yeah, and whoever gets the least candy has to do a dare.
What dare?
You have to streak naked past the teacher's apartments!
Oh my goodness!
OK, you're on April. I'm going to enjoy seeing your pale ass running around in the moonlight.
Yeah, well I'm going to enjoy seeing your little tits bouncing up and down.
You guys realise that there's no one around here to trick or treat, we are not allowed out late either.
So you girls want to trick or treat tonight? I think we can make an extension to the curfew as long as you girls behave yourselves.
Cool, thanks, sir. We'll be good.
Just as long as you've got enough candy to pay us with that is.
Hmmm... Perhaps this was not the best idea. I should stock up on sweets to pay the girls if they come and visit.
It's Halloween and you are expecting the girls to come trick or treating.
Give the girls candy to avoid getting tricked. If you run out of candy your house will get egged and it's game over.
The girls with the least candy at the end will be the losers and will have to streak naked past your house.
Knock knock
Trick or treat!
Happy Halloween, girls! I love the costumes.
I'm Cat Woman!
I'm a pirate!
I can see that.
You have to give us sweets, Mr [surname]!
Of course.
The girls are competing to get the most sweets with the losing team having to perform a forfeit.
I should give the team I want to lose the least sweets, although I can't give them nothing or I might end up being tricked.
I have about 10 handfuls of sweets. How many should I give these two?
You don't have enough sweets.
Is that all?
Sorry girls, I don't know how many visitors I'm going to get so I need to be sparing.
Come on Rachel, let's hope we have more luck at Miss Potts house.
You don't have enough sweets.
Cool! Thanks, sir.
Yay.
You're welcome girls. Have fun tonight