Out? oh dear...
Come on Priti, you know what this means.
You don't have enough sweets.
Oh, um... I don't mean to sound ungrateful but that's not very much sir.
Sorry girls, I need to be sparing. Maybe come back later and see if I have any leftover.
OK sir.
Oh dear, I hope we don't lose! I thought for sure we'd get more than that.
Thanks sir, we appreciate it.
Is it OK if we skip Mr Wilsons house?
Oh wow, that's loads! That you sir!
Is it OK if we skip Mr Wilsons house?
Knock knock
Trick or treat!
It's Supergirl and Red Riding Hood. You girls look great.
I know but there's no time to admire our costumes headmaster. We've got a candy collecting competition to win.
Actually girls I am out of treats.
What?!
Come on Lucy, you know what this means.
What? Is that all? I've egged the shit out of houses for less than this.
Sorry girls, I don't know how many visitors I'm going to get so I need to be sparing.
Listen, Mr [surname], we're in a competition and I can't lose to April. Can we please have some more?
Sorry Charlotte.
I'll flash you my tits if you give us extra.
Really?
Yeah.
A tempting offer. What about you Lucy?
The losing team has to streak naked so I guess it would be better to only have to show my boobs.
Sorry girls, I've got nothing left to give.
Damn it.
Come on Lucy, let head to Miss Newman's house next.
OK girls, show me the goods and I'll give you the sweets.
There.
Very nice. OK girls, as agreed here's your treats.
Thanks Mr [surname]!
Come on Lucy, let head to Miss Newman's house next.
Sorry girls, I'm not open to bribes this time.
Damnit.
Come on Lucy. Let's head to Miss Newman's house see if we have more luck there.
Hmmmm... Is that all?
I think that's a generous amount.
Nice! That's a decent amount thanks, sir.
You're welcome girls.
Come on Lucy, let head to Miss Newman's house next.
Knock knock
Mr [surname], we got fewer sweets than the other girls.
Sorry girls, some of the other girls had better costumes and so got a little bonus.
We can't lose Mr [surname], or we have to run down the road naked and it will be super embarrassing.
Well, that doesn't sound so bad from my point of view. I might enjoy seeing that.
Please sir.
Maybe if you gave me a quick flash of your boobs now I'll take pity on you and give you some extra.