Mmmwwmwmmm...
Do that two times and then return to chest compressions.
Alternate between two breaths and thirty seconds of chest compressions.
How long do you do it for?
You do not stop unless the patient starts breathing again or an ambulance crew arrives and takes over.
Otherwise, you keep going until you are too exhausted to continue. Take turns with someone else if you can.
God forbid anything bad should happen then the more of you who know CPR the better.
Alright, that's enough of a demonstration. Rachel, you can take a seat.
You'll need to split into pairs now and practice on each other.
So we, like, have to actually snog each other?
It's not snogging, April, it's CPR and this is the best way to practice.
I don't want to kiss another girl.
You would let one of your classmates die rather than providing them life-saving CPR?
Well, if it was for real I'd do it.
By then it would be too late to practice, wouldn't it?
Can't we use a training dummy or something?
No. It's best that your practice be as realistic as possible.
You need to be willing to put your lips to another person's even if they are a girl.
Even if you don't like that person, even if you are closely related.
I think it best I pick the pairs.
Mary and Louise, you can practice on each other.
Ew, gross!
Charlotte and April you two can pair together.
Not April!
No way!
Amy and Priti, you two.
Ah yeah, come here Priti and pucker up.
Oh dear.
Rachel and Ada you two can be a pair.
Don't you want to practice with me, sir?
I'm afraid I need to watch everyone else, Rachel, to make sure they are doing it correctly.
There is an odd number of you so, Debbie, you'll have to pair with Izzy.
Yes!
Sir, do we really have to do this?
Yes. This is vitally important. No one is getting in that pool until I'm satisfied that you all know how to do this.
I'll make you practice on each other for the whole afternoon if necessary.
That's very sensible, sir.
Oh God. This is gross.
Don't do it Charlotte.
If I don't then we can't use the pool.
Yuck!
Eeew...
Oh gosh!
Don't be so stiff, Priti. You're supposed to be unconscious, remember.
I'm very nervous.
Is this your first time kissing a girl?
Yes.
Don't worry, I'll be gentle.
Mwwwmwmww...
Very good Amy. Excellent!