Hey Izzy, how's it going?
Hey Mr [surname], everthings good. Sally asked me to keep an eye on the pool when there aren't lesson's going on.
I've worked as a life guard before so I have all the necessary training.
That's great, Izzy. I plan to give the girls swimming lessons myself but it might be useful to have you assisting when you are available.
No problem, sir. If you need my help with the lessons, just let me know.
Great. I'll speak with you later.
Good afternoon, girls.
Good afternoon, Mr [surname].
Now lots of you were keen to do swimming this afternoon but for safety reasons, we've had to split you into small groups.
We'll be alternating between groups to make sure everyone gets a chance to swim.
Before we get into the pool though, I wanted to run through the poolside rules and do some safety training.
Rule number one is no running. Pools are notoriously dangerous for slipping and I don't want any of you hitting your heads.
Second rule is no diving except when under staff supervision.
We can't have you jumping around and injuring yourselves and others.
We can do diving practice but only when it is safe.
Rule number three. No clothing other than swimsuits can be worn in the pool.
Street clothes, especially cotton, can transport contaminants into the pool, they can also cause the water to become cloudy.
For swimming lessons, you must wear the school issue swimsuit but you can wear your own swimwear here at the weekend.
All the other school's rules apply here and punishments for misbehaving are also the same.
Miss Smith is here to help out today and she'll be overseeing safety at the pool when I'm not around.
Hey girls, you don't need to call me Miss Smith. Izzy is fine.
You girls are free to use the pool anytime you have a free period or at the weekend as long as a class isn't using it and as long as you behave safely.
One last crucial safety issue to address is first aid. Both Izzy and I are trained first aiders.
However, I think it would be sensible for each of you girls to have some basic first aid training as well
It's absolutely vital that you all know what to do in case a girl drowns. So for this first lesson we'll be learning CPR.
I'll need a girl to come up to the front to demonstrate on.
You're then going to be splitting into pairs and practising on each other.
So who is going to volunteer to come up the front so I can show you how it's done?
I'll do it!
Good girl, Rachel. Go grab a mat from the trolley over there and lay it down here please.
Yes sir.
Such a teacher's pet.
OK, so let's say we've pulled Rachel out of the water and she is not responding.
The first thing to do is call for help, get someone to call an ambulance for you if possible.
Next you want to check if she is breathing.
Put your head down to the person's face looking down along their body.
Listen very closely and also see if you can see or feel their chest moving.
If she is breathing then there is no need to perform CPR. Put her in the recovery position. Keep her warm and await an ambulance.
If she is not breathing then you need to start CPR immediately.
First make sure her airway is clear. If you suspect there is water in her lungs then tip her over to her side and let any water drain out from her.
Next apply chest compressions for thirty seconds approximately one per second.
You need to be pushing hard enough to compress the rib cage and force blood through the heart so don't be afraid to really press down, as hard as you can.
Obviously, I won't push hard on Rachel now and please don't hurt your partners when you practice this yourself.
After thirty seconds it's time to give the patient some oxygen.
I'm going to breathe into your mouth now, Rachel, is that OK?
Yes sir.
Mmmmm...
Take a deep breath, hold their nose and breathe hard into the mouth.
Like this.
Mmmm...