Oh Miss Newman.
Debbie looks close to orgasming but I don't want her to just yet.
An orgasm should be a reward only for when a student has submitted fully to their teacher.
Also I want Debbie to spend some time standing in the corner in an aroused state. This should make it easier for me to test her obedience after this session. 
OK Miss Newman we'll stop there for now.
Wait no... don't stop now... I...
Well done. You have raised Debbie to level Four.
I think we can end today's session there.
Debbie, go and stand in the corner.
Yes sir.
You were right again Mr [surname]. That did work, she was definitely starting to respond to us then.
I still feel uncomfortable about it though.
(Whispers) I... I just touched my student's pussy...
(Whispers) Isn't that wrong?
It's OK Miss Newman. Please remember that this school was designed to experiment with new methods of improving the behaviour of the girls.
And that this is a proven scientific method for influencing behaviour which I helped develop in conjunction with the Department of Education.
It was for this very reason that Mr Mykock invited me to teach at this school.
What you just did was a state sanctioned punishment. You have nothing to feel bad about.
Really? Are you sure?
Yes Miss Newman. Let me ask you this, was Debbie seriously harmed?
No, just a little bruising to the bottom.
Does she seem physically or emotionally traumatised?
No, not really. She seemed like she was enjoying it.
Has her behaviour been improving? Has she finally started to open up to us?
Yes.
Then we are on the right track and your conscience should be clear.
Yes, you're right sir. I'm sorry for doubting you.
Well done you have earned a point of influence with Sally.
That's quite all right Sally. You did a really good job today. Debbie will be a fine student at a good university by the time we are done with her.
She will have you to thank for a life lived to its fullest potential.
I really hope so sir. Anyway I should be going. I'll see you later.
Hmmm... Sally is having her doubts but still seems willing to go along with things for now.
Let's get Debbie out of that skirt please for the next part of her punishment.
Please gently trace your finger across her vagina Miss Newman.
Yes Mr [surname].
OK Miss Newman. For the next action I want you to take, I need you to stand right up close behind Debbie.
Yes sir.
As we discussed before, to truly influence a girl's behaviour we must cause them pain, humiliation and pleasure.
We have caused Debbie pain by spanking her and paddling her.
We have caused her humiliation by confiscating her underwear.
We have given her pleasure by rubbing her vagina.
As you can see she has become much more docile and obedient.
No doubt sir. Your system really does work.
True but she is still resisting us. There is one final part to this method of discipline and it is a crucial one.
Are you ready Miss Newman?
Yes Mr [surname], whatever you need.
Once a student has begun to submit themselves to you then that is the time to reward their good behaviour.
We must now make Debbie orgasm. This will flood her brain with endorphins and she will forever associate good behaviour with feelings of intense pleasure.
Are you up for this task Miss Newman?
Yes sir. If this is what we need to do.