I could use a girl like you to help keep the others in line.
I'm not working for you.
Hmmmm... Well think on it Debbie. If you start to behave in class then maybe things could be very different for you at this school.
Perhaps with a little more training I will be able to trust you with a new position.
Just one place left to touch Debbie.
No stop! Don't touch me there!
OK Debbie, that's fine. I understand, you've done well today.
Hmmm... she's not ready for me to touch her pussy yet. I should try again after some more training sessions.
Debbie is certainly becoming more docile and obedient. However, she has not completely submitted to me yet.
I don't think I will be able to progress further with her until I have found a way to cause her even more humiliation.
What I really need to be able to do is remove more of her clothing.
Ruth is unlikely to agree to letting me strip the girls further during punishments. She is too concerned about protecting the girls' modesty.
However, maybe there is a way around the problem.
Debbie always wears red underwear.
The rules currently prevent me from confiscating them but maybe I can convince the school board to make the uniform policy a little stricter.
If I could confiscate Debbie's knickers during her punishment then that would certainly provide all the humiliation that she needs.
Convincing the school board to change the uniform policy should be my next goal in both Debbie and Sally's training.
OK Debbie, I hope that we've built up a little of bit of trust between each other now.
Before you leave I would like for you to take a seat on the sofa.
You don't have to stay if you don't want to but I would like for us to have a little chat.
What do you want to talk about?
I want you to tell me about your mother.
I...
Just anything at all. What was she like?
OK. Fine. I'll talk to you.
You chat with Debbie late into the evening. She opens up a little bit to you about her family and her mother but you can tell she's still holding back.
Wow it's getting late Debbie. You should head back to the dorms before Maria comes out looking for you.
Yeah you're right. I should get going.
Thanks for staying and talking with me Debbie. Do you feel any better?
My bum hurts and my head is still spinning from what Miss Newman did to me earlier.
Yes, my disciplinary methods can take their toll. That's not what I meant though.
I meant does it feel better to talk to someone about your problems?
I guess.
Look, just because I let you touch my boob and spoke to you about my mum doesn't make us friends. I still think your a pervert and a dickhead.
Haha. Fine, think what you want about me.
Listen, I want you to think about what I said before. Stop fighting against me and the staff and work with me.
What would you want me to do?
Well, let me ask you this, how would you like to have some power to punish the other girls?
What?
How would you like to spank other girls if they misbehave?
I'd like that very much.
I would like for you to become one of my Prefects.
Prefect?
Yes. On American TV shows they would be called a hall monitor.
You would be my eyes and ears around the school and you would have some power to punish girls who are breaking the rules.
Why me?! Wouldn't you want one of the smart, well-behaved girls?
I think you have the potential to be a great disciplinarian.
You showed you have a natural talent for punishing girls when I caught you spanking Maxine.
If only those instincts could be put towards a good purpose instead of just random acts of bullying.
I have big plans for this school and I won't be able to do it all on my own.