What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
I told Debbie I would let Miss Newman keep punishing her for now.
I don't have the authority yet to punish the girls myself.
Miss Newman, please take charge of the punishment for me.
No problem Mr [surname]
Debbie, get dressed but leave off your cardigan and tie.
Err... OK.
OK Debbie, you can start by removing your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Whatever.
Debbie clearly has some deep seated emotional problems and hides them behind a facade of aggression.
She bullies the other girls as a way to make herself feel better.
Words alone will not be enough to break down her psychological defences and change her behaviour.
However, a simple spanking won't be enough to do the trick either.
I know that my disciplinary techniques can help the girl but I can't do anything with the current rules in place.
I need to speak to Sally and somehow convince her touch the girls in more pleasurable ways.
Maybe then will I be able to start to make some progress.
Hopefully when Sally sees how effective my methods are I can get her support at the school board.
Debbie clearly has a crush on Sally making her the perfect subject for her to practice on.
Next time I see Sally in the changing rooms I will be sure to bring up the subject.
I'll go and speak to her about it after the next board meeting.
Please note that you will not be able to level Debbie up in this first punishment session. Additional actions will need to be unlocked. Speak to Miss Newman in the men's changing room (after the first board meeting).
However, it is still worth causing as much pain, pleasure and humiliation as possible as this will determine how much money you get from the school's owners.
OK Debbie, you can start by removing your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Whatever.
Debbie, get dressed but leave your cardigan and skirt off.
Err... OK.
Remove your shoes, cardigan and tie.
Whatever.
Now Debbie you are to remove your skirt.
My skirt?!
Oh yes. Didn't you read the bulletin? There is a new school rule. From now on you are to remove your skirt whenever you are being spanked.
But I don't want to take my skirt off...
Rules are rules Debbie. Do as the man says.
Yes Miss Newman.
Debbie, in accordance with the school's rules, please remove your cardigan, shoes and tie.
Now remove your skirt.
Remove your skirt Debbie.
This again?!
Do you always wear red knickers Debbie?
Yeah, well ain't nothing you can do about it.
Enjoy your small victory for now Debbie. The current rules won't protect you much longer.
It's funny you should say that Debbie because actually there is.
What do you mean?
You see the school board and I have been discussing the issue of girls consistently ignoring the uniform policy.
It was decided that the current rules were not strict enough and were too open to abuse.
The new uniform policy states that if a girl is found with an article of clothing which is in breach of the regulations. Then that piece of clothing can be immediately confiscated.
Confiscated?!
Yes, hand over your knickers Debbie.
I'm not taking my knickers off!