I feel... Hot. Is it hot in here?
A little flustered after being touched by Miss Newman are we?
Uh, no...
You are a terrible liar Debbie.
Debbie is feeling the effects of a heavy dose of pain, humiliation and pleasure right now.
She should be putty in my hands. Lets see what I can do with her.
Come stand in front of me Debbie.
Yes sir.
Now Debbie. You must know by now that I'm trying to help you, right?
Uh, yeah. I guess...
I want you to become a better person but to do that you must learn to let go of your pride and anger and learn the tranquillity that comes with humility and kindness.
How am I supposed to do that?
Your first step towards a better future is to learn to be more open and less defensive.
We are going to start off with a very simple trust exercise.
I'm going to touch you and I want you to remain still.
Touch me?!
Yes Debbie.
You're not supposed to touch me. Men aren't allowed. Those are the rules.
The rules prevent me from punishing you. However, this is not a punishment. It's a simple trust exercise.
What's the point of it?!
Your instinct will be to push me away but that is your pride and your anger talking.
That is the part of you which is preventing you from growing as a person.
Learn to control that part of you Debbie and perhaps you will be able to open up about your problems.
So, like, you're going to touch me and I just have to not push you away.
Yes. It's a common trust exercise.
Uh, fine but no funny business.
I wouldn't dream of it. Just relax Debbie. I won't hurt you. This is just to help you control anger.
I'll start her off easy just by lightly touching her head and face.
Now Debbie, you need to stay still. I'm going to touch your head.
OK.
There, that wasn't so bad was it?
I guess not...
I'm just going to lightly touch your arms Debbie, just remember to stay relaxed.
Uh, OK.
Are you OK Debbie?
You're making me really nervous.
Don't be. This is a trust exercise remember.
Right...
OK Debbie, this is going to test you a little bit more. I'm going to touch your legs now.
Err... all right.
Hey that's sensitive!
You're doing great Debbie. Just a little bit longer.
Hey! What are you doing?!
Relax Debbie. Stay still. You need to learn to control your impulses.
You're touching my boob!
You're doing extremely well, just remember to remain calm. This is all part of the exercise.
I'm trying.
You know Debbie, once you've learned to stop resisting me and to follow my instructions we could start working together.
Work together?
Yes. Wouldn't you like to have some power at this school?