Here it comes.
Ahhh....
Eww yuck! So gross!
Let's get you cleaned up, shall we?
I should give Debbie some more training before making her suck my dick.
Debbie, I'm sorry I came in your mouth before.
You said you wanted to ask me something. That you wanted to give me a blowjob to put me in a good mood.
I did.
Plus I've continued to not spank you myself haven't I? Should we give this another go?
OK but you'd better not try and pull any of that shit again!
OK, I promise.
How about another blowjob Debbie?
Another one?
Yes, let's move to the sofa.
Do I have to sir?
Yes, you want to be my apprentice after you graduate right?
I really do.
Well, keeping me happy seems like a small price for you to pay for that opportunity.
I guess but can't we find another girl to suck your dick and I can just watch?
I like the way you think Debbie.
Who would you like to see sucking my cock?
Hmmm... Great question. So many hot girls to choose from.
How about someone small and cute like Rachel or Emily?
Or someone with big boobs like Alice or Harriet?
Or how about that posh bitch Donna?! I'd love to see you forcing your fat cock into her smug face.
Sounds good, hopefully we can arrange for something like that soon.
Right now though you're the only one here and I want you to suck my dick.
Fine. It wasn't that bad last time and at least you didn't cum in my mouth.
OK, let's just get this over with.
Good girl Debbie.
Do I have to sir?
You want Miss Newman to keep punishing you, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Alright, lets get this over with.
I'm ready to cum now Debbie.
Oh yes!
Aaaahhh.
Ew, yuck.
Mmmmm... That felt good.
Jesus, that is a lot of cum. Thanks for not squirting it in my mouth.
No problem Debbie. Thank you for a very fine blowjob. You did well. You can get dressed and leave now.
Thank you sir.
OK Debbie, I did as you asked and didn't touch you during the punishment session.
It's time for you to repay the favour.
Alright fine. Just try and cum quick OK?
How quickly this happens will depend on how much care and effort you put into the task young lady.
This chair is not the best place for this though. Let's move over to the sofa.
Well, go on then, like, get your dick out.
I will find it more arousing if you do it for me.
What do I care? I ain't your girlfriend.