Yes. Please lay Debbie across your lap. The girl requires further spanking.
Yes Mr [surname].
Still wearing red underwear Debbie?
So fucking what?
It's is against the rules, as you well know.
Yeah well, some rules are meant to be broken and you can't do anything about it anyway. I'll tell Miss Thomas if you try and take them off me.
Hmmmm... You win for now Debbie. Don't worry though I will be sure to change that rule soon.
Are you ready for me to begin Mr [surname]?
Yes, please proceed Miss Newman.
OK Miss Newman. That's enough for now.
Go stand in the corner Debbie. Hands on your head, facing the wall.
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
Thank you for your help Miss Newman.
No problem Mr [surname].
OK, let's check the school's account. The school's owners have transferred me [earnings] credits.
I've also received a bonus of 50 credits from the school's owners for Debbie's pictures.
You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK Debbie. Come stand back over here.
About time. Can I go now?
Debbie is still resisting her training. She's probably not ready for me to begin testing her obedience yet.
Yes sir.
Ah good, Debbie is starting to respond to her training. I think it's time to begin testing her obedience.
I'll start her off with something simple.
It's time to see if Debbie is willing to become a Prefect. First though maybe I should touch her again and see how ready she is to submit to me.
Debbie is not ready for this yet.
Debbie, in future after you have been punished you must thank me.
Thank you? For punishing me?
Yes, I have had to waste my valuable time here this evening correcting your behaviour.
This is all for your benefit Debbie. Do you think I'm doing this out of self interest?
The very least you can do is thank me.
All right I guess, thanks.
No. Do it properly.
Err... thank you.
I want you to say the words. I've been a very naughty girl and thank you for punishing me sir.
What?!
Do it or you can spend some more time standing in the corner.
Grrr...
I've been a very naughty girl and thank you for punishing me sir.
Much better.
I've been a very naughty girl and thank you for punishing me sir.
Very good Debbie. There is some hope for you after all.
Debbie is not ready for this yet.
How are you feeling?