Amy will change her mind soon enough.
Amy, there you are. I hope you were not hurt yourself in that collision?
No sir. Is Faye going to be OK?
I heard what happened sir and came right here.
Thank you Sally.
Amy what were you playing at?! The nurse is taking Faye to hospital!
Hospital?!
Yes Amy. With a fractured elbow and a concussion.
Oh no!
Head injuries are very serious and can have devastating consequences.
The nurse wanted me to express to you how serious Faye's injuries could have been.
I'm so sorry sir. It was an accident.
An accident waiting to happen and one that could have easily been prevented.
I told you not to tear around campus like a race track. I warned you someone could get hurt.
I'm really sorry.
You will be Amy. I've given you enough warnings about your behaviour. I have no choice but to give you corporal punishment for this.
The cane is now available to use with Amy in the over the desk position.
Sir, is it OK if we talk about what we did the other day in class under the table?
Sure.
I just wanted you to know, I'm not a slut.
I agreed to help you out because I was really horny and because I owed you one.
I was caught up in the moment. I don't normally agree to suck guys' dicks like that.
I don't think you're a slut Amy.
I mean, it's not like I didn't enjoy it though. It was really hot plus you've got a really nice dick.
Thanks.
Seriously, it's really massive. It's the biggest one I've ever seen.
I measured my ex-boyfriend's once and it was five inches.
Yours must be twice that!
It was all thick and hard and throbbing. I really liked the way it felt in my hands and in my mouth.
Mmmmm...
Well, we could...
But you're my teacher and I don't want everyone to think I'm a slut so it's best we don't do anything like that again.
I hope you understand?
Yes Amy, I think I do.
Amy clearly enjoyed what we did but she also seems to care a lot about what the other girls think of her.
I'm guessing she's been called a slut more than once and the accusation hurts her.
She'll care less about that though after I've made her more compliant through my punishment methods.
I'm sure I'll be able to have more fun with Amy after a few more sessions here in my office.
Hello Amy. How are you feeling?
Horny as fuck.
Sir, please can you take these things off now?
Yes Amy. I will lift up your skirt.
However, Miss Newman will be here any moment so you will have to wait until after your punishment for your orgasm.
Yes sir I understand. I've waited a week, I can just about hold out for half an hour.
Good girl Amy.
I'll still let you fuck me, if you like.
Take your punishment well and I'll consider it.
OK, let's get straight to your punishment, shall we?
knock knock
Come in.