So, like, how long do I need to do this for?
As long as it takes.
Ew... you mean you're going to cum on me?
Yes Debbie that is normally what happens in this situation.
So gross, this had better be worth it.
Oh it will.
You'll enjoy being a prefect Debbie. You'll get to inspect the other girls' uniforms and you'll get to spank them when they misbehave.
That does sound good.
Faster now.
Yes headmaster.
Here it comes.
Ahhh....
Eww yuck! So gross!
I can't believe I thought it was bad to be a lesbian.
Men are fucking disgusting.
Haha. Well, you've certainly proved to me you are willing to follow my instructions.
Congratulations Debbie. I hereby bestow upon you the title of Prefect.
Great. Do I, like, get a badge or something?
Yes. I'll get one sorted out for you.
Erm, do you have any tissues or anything?
Yes, let's get you cleaned up. You can get dressed now as well.
Well that was pretty gross.
You did well Debbie. Not only have you become a Prefect but you've finally learned to accept your sexuality.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
So is Miss Newman going to punish me like that again sometime?
Oh yes Debbie. Don't think that just because you're a prefect now that you won't require further punishments.
As I said before, from now on I expect you to report to my office whenever I demand and confess to any and all crimes you may have committed.
Yeah... OK.
Cheer up Debbie. You're a Prefect now. I'll make an announcement to the other students soon.
Yeah, you're right. So I'll get to start spanking the other girls whenever I want?
Not whenever you want Debbie. Don't abuse your authority. I can take your title away just as easily as I can award it.
OK. I'll only punish them if they break the rules.
Good work Debbie. You can go now. We'll speak again soon.
Yes headmaster, sir.
Great. Next time Maxine gives a speech I can have Debbie disrupt the protest without the need for me to get involved.
Also, I have everything I need now to be able to punish the girls myself. I need to hold another vote at the school board.
Take you skirt and knickers off Debbie and come stand in front of me.
Come stand in front of me Debbie.
Err...OK.
Now get down on your knees. I need you to prove you are still loyal and committed.
I have to wank you off again?!
Absolutely. You like being a Prefect right Debbie?
Yeah.
You wouldn't want to lose your position would you?
You wouldn't want me to make another girl Prefect would you? Donna for example.
Fine. I'll do it. You are so disgusting.
I really don't like doing this you know.
That's why it is such an excellent test of your loyalty Debbie.
Faster now.
Yes headmaster.