I know, but um... Well, is it OK though if Miss Newman stops taking her top off in front of us? I get so jealous and embarrassed when I see how big her boobs are compared to mine.
It's not just her boobs either, she's got a lovely round bottom and curvy hips.
I like my body a lot more now thanks to you but I still find it really humiliating being naked next to her.
I'm sorry Rachel but humiliation is an important part of a proper punishment. Since you are used to being naked in front of me we must find another way to make you feel embarrased.
In fact, if Miss Newman is willing I may make use of her body to embarrass you further during these session.
Oh dear.
Sorry Rachel, but I'll hear no more complaints about this.
Yes Master.
Now for your maintenance punishment I sentence you to..
Back again so soon Rachel.
I'm sorry sir.
I've worked out that Rachel suffers from anxiety about her body but I still need to get her to open up to me about it.
I need to find a way to make her take her top off in front of me so I can compliment her body and make her feel better about herself.
I should have her change into the punishment outfit in my office for a public punishment.
Perhaps I should convince the school board that the girls need to wear a punishment outfit and I can have Rachel change into it in my office.
Rachel, for falling asleep in class I sentence you to...
Falling asleep before lessons and rudely exposing yourself in public. What do you have to say for yourself?
I... I was asleep, I don't know how that happened sir.
Well this is all the more reason for you to stop staying up so late and falling asleep when you should be in lessons.
Rachel, I sentence you to...
Playing computer games again all night were you?
Well, there was special league event and I...
I don't want excuses Rachel. I'm afraid you must be punished. For falling asleep in class I sentence you to...
Corporal punishment. To be carried out here in my office. I have sent for Miss Newman, she should be here shortly.
Oh dear...
Knock knock
Come in.
Do you need my help again sir?
Yes Miss Newman. Rachel here is still staying up too late playing computer games.
I believe that a spanking is in order.
Yes Miss Newman. Rachel's behaviour has been improving recently but I am concerned that she may relapse into her old ways at any time.
I think a little spanking should help keep her focussed on her studies and not her games.
Yes Mr [surname].
I shouldn't give a public punishment to a girl who hasn't actually done anything wrong today.
You cannot give public punishments when a girl has been summoned for punishment.
Spend the evening cleaning the school's grounds. I suggest you go sweep up leaves over by the dorm rooms.
You have issued your first public punishment. Public punishments happen around the school's grounds and give a bonus to Discipline. However, as the school's owners cannot see punishments happening outside of your office you will not receive any money.
Currently there is only one public punishment available which is ordering the girls to clean the school grounds. However, more public punishments will become available as the game progresses.
OK sir, that doesn't sound so bad.
You'll want me to take my shirt off again, I suppose?
Of course.
OK then.
I'm afraid though that this time Rachel you will have to clean in just your underwear.
But sir... I don't have a bra, I'll be topless!
I'm afraid so but rules are rules I'm afraid.
Oh gosh. Well...
OK then.
I know you like my boobs so I won't try to hide them from you.
I just wish all the other girls wouldn't see, they might make fun of how small my boobs are.
I'm sorry about that Rachel but this is a punishment after all.