Debbie spends the evening picking up litter around the school.
Oh look a filthy street urchin has wandered onto campus and is scavenging from the bins.
You know if you take enough of those bottles to the recycling centre they'll give you a few pennies.
Oh no wait, it's just Debbie.
Fuck you Donna!
Ah ha ha! You slag!
Hahaha!
Grrrrr...
Debbie is embarrassed and the other girls see the price of bad behaviour. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
Debbie spends the evening picking up litter around the school.
Oh look Debbie is rummaging around in the trash where she belongs.
Go to hell Donna.
Debbie learns a little humility and the other girls see the price of bad behaviour. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
Time to punish Debbie again. I really need to convince Miss Newman to provide more pleasure during punishments.
However, if I convince Miss Newman to touch Debbie inappropriately and we still don't make any progress with her I fear that I will put Sally off and I won't get a second chance.
I need to be certain that I'm going to cause enough pain and humiliation along with the pleasure.
I don't think I'm going to be able to cause enough pain yet. I should invest in a paddle.
I have a paddle now so I should be able to cause enough pain.
I don't think I'm going to be able to cause enough humiliation yet. I'm going to need to convince the school board that the girls need to remove their skirts for punishment.
I have convinced the school board to allow skirts to be removed. I should be able to cause enough humiliation.
I'll need to wait until all the pieces are in place before starting Sally's training.
I have everything I need now to cause sufficient pain and humiliation. Once I have caused Debbie enough of both of these I will have Miss Newman provide some pleasure.
I think a sensible starting place would be to have her to massage the tender skin of Debbie's inner thighs. We can work our way up from there.
First I should order Debbie to remove her skirt, then have Miss Newman give her a body search.
Then I should have Miss Newman spank her with her hand and then the paddle.
Debbie should be humiliated and in pain, that will be the right time to provide her with some pleasure and try to influence her behaviour.
My next step in Sally's training will be to convince her to touch Debbie's vagina.
I believe she let her hand rub up against it during the last punishment, however, she will need to do more than that if she is going to provide the amount of pleasure that Debbie requires.
As before I should make sure Debbie is fully humiliated and in pain. Then I should instruct her to massage her inner thigh again.
I'm not sure yet whether or not I'm going to be able to cause enough humiliation though. I need to think about how to make the punishment more humiliating.
I can use the camera to photograph Debbie in her underwear. That should cause the little bit of extra humiliation that Debbie needs.
I'm making excellent progress with both Sally and Debbie. However, I think I've gotten as far as I can with the current rules in place.
If only I was able to confiscate Debbie's non-regulation red underwear.
This would be deeply humiliating for her plus without the protection of her knickers her spankings will be more painful.
I'll need to convince the school board to change this rule before I make make further progress.
OK, it's time to make some real progress with Debbie.
I will instruct Miss Newman to confiscate her red underwear then I will take some pictures of her for the school's owners.
This will leave her vulnerable and suitably humiliated.
I will then need to spank her and paddle her so she is in pain. Without her underwear to protect her the spankings will be more painful.
Once I have maximised her pain and humiliation I will order Miss Newman to rub her pussy as before.
Then I will see if I can convince her to insert her fingers and this time we will allow Debbie to orgasm.
She will then be completely open to changes in her behaviour. She may even be ready to start working for me as a Prefect.
I will test her obedience again. If she willingly submits herself to me then I know she is ready.
Well done, you have maxed out Debbie's pain, humiliation and pleasure and raised her to the next level.
You reached Debbie's maximum level for this version of the game.
You should order her to undress sir.
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?
What position should we put her in sir?