Mostly.
I'd really like it if Miss Newman is the one to touch me.
Tell me why I should agree to this? What's in it for me?
Isn't it enough that I do your dirty work for you to keep the other girls in line?
Isn't it enough that I, like, touch your dick and let you cum on my face?!
OK Debbie, you've made a good case.
Pleasure is a big part of my punishment system and if being touched by Miss Newman is more pleasurable for you then I guess we'll leave that part up to her.
Thank you sir. I promise to be the best Prefect you've ever had.
I'll be honest with you Debbie. I've been looking forward to putting you across my knee for some time.
Yeah, I figured you'd say something like that.
Can't I just jerk you off again?
You already give me handjobs whenever I ask Debbie. You'll need to make me a better offer than that.
God, fine. I'll, like, put it in my mouth.
That is a better offer. Do you know how to give a blow job Debbie?
I've watched plenty of videos and it doesn't look that difficult.
Really? I wouldn't have thought videos like that would be your thing.
I get turned on seeing girls getting fucked by guys. So what?!
Really? That's interesting. Are you sure you're not bisexual Debbie?
Pretty certain. I always focus on the girl.
I mean, does it bother you that there are men in the porn videos you watch? Does that make you gay?
No, I suppose not.
As long as the girl is hot I don't mind the man being there.
I take your point.
I mean, it's not like I think penises are disgusting or anything. They're alright, it's just, like, a shame they've got a man attached to them.
Hmmm...
So like, do you want me to suck your dick or not?
OK, we'll continue with things as they are for now with Miss Newman carrying out your punishments.
Then afterwards you can suck my cock.
Yeah, fine but no cumming in my mouth OK? That stuff tastes gross.
I'll try not to Debbie.
Um, do you think you could get Miss Newman to do more things with me too?
Like what Debbie?
Well, like, could you tell her to use her tongue? Or I could lick her, maybe?
I think I might be able to persuade Miss Newman to do something along those lines.
I'd like that.
So I take it you've started to enjoy these sessions?
Maybe. I'm even starting to get used to you watching. It's, like, actually kinda hot I guess.
Good, because I'm not going anywhere.
Um, after I give you a blowjob there's, like something else I wanted to ask you.
What's that Debbie?
I'll ask you after, when you're in a good mood.
Hmmmm... OK. Fine by me.
To save a significant amount of time during development, the punishment system animations for the headmaster and Debbie have not yet been completed (Currently these are only available for Rachel). As such, you have to accept Debbie's offer for now. This will change in a future update.
Good afternoon Debbie. Do you have any crimes you wish to confess to?
Um... I was doing uniform inspections like you asked.
Good, good.
And, well, I confiscated Emily's knickers even though they were basically white. Maybe just a bit faded.
Hmmm.. I see. So you feel you abused your authority and punished a girl unfairly?
Yes Mr [surname].
Hmmm... well I guess we have no choice but to punish you.