Yes Mr [surname].
Oh God...
How does that feel Debbie, are you OK?
Mmmmmm...
And are you doing OK Miss Newman?
Yes sir.
Good work Miss Newman. I am constantly impressed with your good attitude.
Many would baulk at having to do anything that makes them even slightly uncomfortable.
However, you have proven that you are willing to do whatever it takes to improve your students' behaviour.
Thank you sir. I think I'm really starting to understand the benefits of your punishment methods.
If touching the girls like this improves their behaviour more than hitting them then surely it's wrong not to do this.
You make a very good point Sally.
Great, Sally is clearly enjoying herself a lot more this time around.
I believe that she has come to accept that she derives pleasure from punishing the girls and that she shouldn't feel badly about it.
Now let's see if she is willing to go a step further and bring Debbie to climax.
OK Sally, when you are ready we'll have Debbie standing back up. There is something else I'd like for you to try today.
A new action has been unlocked for the 'Hands on Head' position. Have Miss Newman finger Debbie and bring her to orgasm.
You can not level up Debbie in Free Play Mode. Please restart the current punishment and try again.
I should take this action last. I need to max out Debbie's pain and humiliation and then massage her inner thigh before taking this action.
Is this OK sir?
Yes, that's just fine.
Mmmmmm...
OK, now is the time to influence her behaviour again.
Debbie. Why did you shove Lucy into the locker?
I don't know...
Yes you do.
Come on Debbie. Talk to us, we're trying to help you.
Lucy was being nice to me. No one's ever nice to me. She was going to make me cry.
I didn't want Cass to see me crying.
It's OK to show your emotions Debbie. You don't have to be tough all the time.
But I do. I always had to be the tough one ever since I was a kid... Ever since...
Oh Miss that feels so good. I...
Slow down a moment Miss Newman let her gather her thoughts.
Yes sir.
No... don't stop.
Now Debbie, you need to deal with your emotional problems or you will never find happiness.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life pushing away everyone who shows you kindness?
Do you have to constantly resist everyone who tries to help you?
First me and Miss Newman and now Lucy as well.
I.. I don't need anyone's help...I...
Resume rubbing her vagina please Miss Newman.
Yes sir.
Oooooohh...
Debbie, your life would be so much simpler if you just stopped resisting us.
But...
Relax Debbie let go of your anger.
Will you talk to me? Will you let me help you?
Yes...
It's working sir.
Excellent.