Are you sure we can't get Miss Newman in here to spank me some more?
No Amy. Get out of here and get cleaning.
No fair.
Amy spends the evening picking up litter around the school.
This time the other girls notice her and snigger at her misfortune.
Amy feels embarrassed and the other girls are keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
Some of the girls are playing football after school while Amy is forced to pick up litter.
Amy is sad to miss out on the fun. The other girls don't pay her any attention. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
OK Amy, I want you to lay across Miss Newman's lap..
Ooooh, kinky. Sure thing sir.
Mmmmmm...
Um, should I start sir?
Yes, please proceed Miss Newman.
Oooooo...
Err...
And again please Miss Newman.
Aaaaah...
You can hit me a bit harder than that if you like Miss.
Um...
Oooooo...
I think she's enjoying this sir.
Hmmmm... I think you might be right. Still, she has been sentenced to a punishment. We will need to carry it out.
Yes sir.
You have discovered Amy's weakness. She is a masochist and takes pleasure from being spanked or hurt. However, her tolerance for pain is much higher than the other girls.
Hello sir, one of the students, Debbie, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Debbie.
Hello sir. I wanted to ask you something.
Yes?
Are you and Miss Newman, like, having an affair?
Excuse me?
Well, we all heard a woman screaming in the men's room and some of the girls thought you and Miss Newman were, like, fucking.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Interesting.
Well, were you?
We were.
Uh!
We were having hot passionate sex in the shower.
Miss Newman screamed out in pleasure as I fucked her roughly from behind.
Is that what you wanted to hear Debbie?
No.
I don't know what you thought you heard Debbie but no one was having sex in the men's showers.
But what about the scream we heard?
I know Miss Newman uses the shower there occasionally, perhaps she simply stubbed her toe.
Really?
It seems the only plausible explanation to me.
Hmmmm... I don't know if I believe you.
I don't really what care what you or any of the other students believe Debbie.
Really Debbie, I think this is a very inappropriate thing to ask me.