But Mr [surname].
Forget about this Debbie. I won't comment on childish rumours being spread around about me or any other members of staff.
Maybe I'll ask Miss Newman myself.
Why do you care about this anyway?
Does it bother you to think of us having sex?
Yeah, it does. I thought Miss Newman liked girls.
It is possible to like both men and women equally Debbie.
It is?
Yes. Miss Newman is bisexual.
But why was she having sex with YOU?
Why shouldn't she?
I thought, what with all the stuff that we were doing together here that maybe she liked me.
I figured from the way she fingered me and made out with me that she just liked girls.
I'd hoped it was because she likes me.
Do you think she likes me in that way?
I can't answer that question for certain.
I am fairly sure that she derives sexual pleasure from the act of punishing you.
However, I also believe she gets the same pleasure from punishing other girls.
She is also in a casual relationship with the teaching assistant Izzy.
What?! No way.
I'm sorry Debbie but I do not believe that whatever affection you have for your teacher is reciprocated.
Besides, you are still a student after all. A romantic relationship between a teacher and student is not usually permitted.
I guess, you're probably right. She's going to keep punishing me though?
Yes.
She'll still touch me and I can still make out with her here?
Of course.
That's better than nothing, I suppose. I'll take whatever I can get.
Do you think she'll start to like me eventually?
Forget about your teacher Debbie. You should focus on getting together with other girls your age.
But sir...
Forget. About. Her. I'm sorry, but you'll only end up getting hurt.
Who can say Debbie.
Continue to improve your behaviour and act more like an adult and perhaps she will begin to see you differently.
OK. I'll try my best.
Anyway, aren't you more interested in meeting girls your own age?
Like who?
There are a lot of girls at this school Debbie, the chances of there being several gay or bi-curious girls seems very high.
Have you opened up to any of the students about your sexuality?
Yeah, I told everyone that I'm a lesbian now.
Good for you.
But it's not like the other girls are queuing up to be with me.
Give it time Debbie. You're a good looking young woman and you're becoming a better person by the day.
Thanks, I guess.
So did you enjoy today's lesson Debbie?
Yeah, it was awesome.
So, like, you're allowed to punish the girls yourself as well now then?
Indeed I am Debbie.
Err... Is it alright if just Miss Newman keeps punishing me?
This is not something that's optional Debbie.
Please sir. I've been good recently, haven't I?