You do not have a choice.
No!
Miss Newman, please confiscate those offensive undergarments.
Yes, Mr [surname].
Wait!
Rules are rules Debbie. You should know better by now.
Please Miss...
You've brought this on yourself Debbie.
But Miss, I actually don't have any other underwear. I didn't read the school's rules before coming here and I only bought red ones...
I would have started wearing white ones if I had any...
Well you should have read the rules then, shouldn't you?
Eeeek!
Not feeling so smug now are we Debbie?
Miss Newman, please let me keep my knickers on. I don't want the headmaster to see my pussy.
I know its embarrassing Debbie but that is the kind of the point. This is all to help improve your behaviour.
Good, I'm glad to see Sally is starting to understand my methods. She'll be an expert in no time.
I'm betting you are regretting not buying any regulation underwear now aren't you Debbie?
Miss Newman. Please confiscate Debbie's panties.
Yes Mr [surname].
Eeeek!
There is no point me ordering Debbie to put her underwear on when I'm just going to confiscate it anyway.
Debbie, please remove your shoes, cardigan, tie and skirt as usual.
You can hand over those non-regulation underwear while you're at it.
Debbie, please remove skirt as usual.
And of course those non-regulation underwear will need to be removed.
Now, the school's rules have been updated. From now on students being punished must strip down to just their underwear. You will therefore need to remove your blouse.
Just my underwear?!
Yes Debbie.
But...
Do you really think there is any point arguing? The school's rules are on my side. You have no choice.
I guess...
Well, you know what I'm going to say next, don't you?
That I need to take my red bra off?
Yes.
But then I'll be naked. The rules don't allow that...
The school rules may prevent me from ordering you to strip naked, but I am well within my rights to confiscate your underwear.
The other girls don't have to strip naked...
The other girls generally obey the uniform policy. I'm sure with some further changes to the rules they will be getting just as naked as you.
It's not fair...
It is perfectly fair young lady. If you learnt to behave and obeyed the rules this wouldn't be happening. Now take off your bra.
Yes sir.
Debbie, please remove your shoes, cardigan, tie and skirt as usual.
You can hand over those non-regulation underwear while you're at it.
The school rules state that when receiving corporal punishment you must now strip down to your underwear. Take off your blouse.
Debbie, please remove skirt as usual.
You can hand over those non-regulation underwear while you're at it.
The school rules state that when receiving corporal punishment you must now strip down to your underwear. Take off your blouse.
The school rules state that when receiving corporal punishment you must now strip down to your underwear. Take off your blouse.
I guess...
And of course you will need to remove your non-regulation bra.