Still violently attacking the other girls Debbie?
Donna had it coming.
Perhaps she did but that does not excuse your behaviour.
Debbie. I can't say I'm surprised to see you back in my office already.
You were caught bullying one of the other students. Do you have anything to say in your defence?
I've got nothing to say to you.
Why the bad attitude Debbie?
Why? Because I hate this school so much. It was bad enough before when I was just bored.
Now some pervert is in charge and he gets to watch my being spanked.
So you take out your frustrations by bullying the other girls?
I barely did anything.
That's not what I saw.
It's not my fault the other girls are all a bunch of wimps and can't take a bit of teasing.
You are always so quick to blame others for your problems Debbie.
It's not your fault you're angry, it's the school.
It's not your fault you're a bully, it's your victims' fault.
Take some responsibility for your actions young lady. You will find life a lot easier.
Whatever.
Debbie. What happened? I told you to apologise to Lucy not slam her into the locker.
I dunno.
Why do you feel the need to lash out and be aggressive?
Just the way I am I guess.
You don't need to pretend to be tough all the time. It's OK to show your emotions every now and again.
It looked like you and Lucy were getting along before Cassandra showed up.
You were watching?
Yes I was was. Debbie, why don't you tell me about your mother?
Why don't you mind your own fucking business?!
A childhood trauma can often lead to bad behaviour as a young adult.
Perhaps if you were willing to open up to me I can help you with your problems.
Then maybe we will not have to keep spanking you over and over again.
I ain't talking to you about nothing.
Sigh... You clearly have a lot of coping mechanisms to deal with your emotional problems.
One of those is picking on the other girls.
The other is closing yourself off emotionally.
You have put up a wall around yourself mentally to prevent yourself from being hurt.
I believe this is preventing you growing as person and has trapped you in a cycle of self destructive behaviours.
Fortunately for you I know how to break down a young woman's mental barriers.
I shall be teaching Miss Newman some more of my advanced methods for doing so.
Miss Newman is going to touch me again?
Don't pretend not to enjoy it Debbie.
Back here again Debbie? Why am I not surprised.
Its time for me to decide on your punishment.
I shouldn't give a public punishment to a girl who hasn't actually done anything wrong today.
You cannot give public punishments when a girl has been summoned for punishment.
Your last spanking was clearly not sufficient to alter your behaviour.
I have sent for Miss Newman she should be here shortly.
Knock knock.
You called for me sir?
Yes Miss Newman. Debbie requires further punishment.
No problem Mr [surname].