Time for me to get dressed and go.
Fine. Goodbye Debbie.
Shit, I really fucked that up. Hopefully we can try it again another day.
Oh yes!
Aaaahhh!
Mmwwmmm...
Oh shit, this is a big orgasm. That is a lot of cum I'm pumping into her.
Oh yes!
Oh and it's still going.
Mmmmmwwwwm...
Ahhhhhh...
I think that was the last of it.
No wait, a little bit more.
Mmmm...
Mmwwwwmmmm...
There we go.
Blaaagghh...
Fuckin' gross!
Damn that felt good.
You're such a prick!
I told you not to push my head down! I told you not to cum in my mouth!
It seems I couldn't help myself.
Well I can't help myself from doing this!
Oooofff!
Fuck!
Serves you right! I fucking told you what would happen.
Fucking hell Debbie!
How did I ever let you talk me into this! I'm not your fucking whore!
I wanted to make you feel good and then I was going to ask you something important but you just had to fucking ruin it.
I hate you!
Ah God, my balls. I think I'm going to sick.
Good! I hope they fall off!
I'm outta here dickhead!
Owww...
Fuck. I wish I hadn't done that. I forgot Debbie has a violent nature and a surprisingly powerful punch.
I hope she calms down. I do need her to be my Prefect. Oh god, I need to go home and take a cold bath.
I hope she hasn't done me any serious damage.
You stumble home in agony and take a long cold bath to try and soothe your swollen testicles. It doesn't help though. You crawl to your bed all the while praying for the sweet release of death. Eventually, after what feels like an eternity, the pain begins to subside and you pass out.
Debbie is a lesbian so it might be very difficult to convince her to go any further than handjobs at the moment. Perhaps once I start to punish her myself a way to make further progress will become clear.
Yes, you can leave now Debbie. You must stop bullying the other girls.
Don't think for a second that these punishment sessions cannot get worse for you.
Whatever.
I think we made a little progress with your rehabilitation Debbie.
From now on there will be no more bullying of Lucy or any of the other girls. In fact, I want you to apologise to Lucy next time you see her.
Oh what?!
Yes Debbie. You must swallow your pride and apologise to the girl you have been bullying.
Try to say something nice about her as well. I think you will find the experience quite cathartic.
I guess I have been quite mean to the little ginge. I suppose I can try.
Good work Debbie. Perhaps your behaviour will improve more rapidly than I thought.
Run along now and let's hope you don't find yourself back here again any time soon.