This is especially true for women. Otherwise no woman would put themselves through the pain of childbirth more than once. It is nature's way of preserving the species.
I suppose that must be true but what do we use instead?
Well, this is where things get more complicated.
Urgh, how long are you going to keep talking?
Quiet Debbie. You have no part in this conversation.
For fuck's sake, stop touching me you big dyke.
Should I spank her some more sir?
Not yet, just carry on as you are for now.
Mmmmmm...
Yes sir.
So, if physical pain is quickly forgotten then what sticks in the mind?
Well, negative emotional experiences can stick in the mind for a very long time.
You are a very insightful woman Sally.
Thank you sir.
Yes, physical pain is quickly forgotten but emotional pain such as humiliation is not.
It can cling on to our psyche for a long time.
This is true sir but this is hardly new thinking. Everyone knows humiliating punishments can be effective.
My old captain once had me clean the men's latrines in just my underwear.
All the men stood around and laughed.
And how did that make you feel?
I was humiliated and angry about it.
I have no doubt that you were. Did it stop you from repeating your crime?
No, actually it didn't.
Here we have the problem with humiliating punishments.
They can leave the recipient feeling angry and they are likely to rebel even further.
Then what do you propose?
There is another feeling that can be an even greater motivator than pain or humiliation.
What do you mean sir?
In order to improve our punishments we must turn all the old theories about discipline on their head.
We know that pain and humiliation are effective but that the brain is hardwired to reject them.
We must bypass the mind's natural defence mechanisms if we are to make the punishment effective.
We do this by providing some pleasure during the punishment.
Pleasure?
Oh yes. This breaks down the mind's defences and leaves the student open to suggestion.
Only then can we truly influence their behaviour.
Hmmmm... I'm not sure.
I have tested this before and the results were quite dramatic.
Why don't we practice on Debbie here?
Try moving your hand to her inner thigh.
You have unlocked a new action for the over the knee position. Massage inner thigh. Order Miss Newman to stoke the delicate skin on Debbie's legs.
OK Sally, as before I would like you to massage the girl's buttocks.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm going to massage your buttocks now Debbie.
Ew, gross. Can't Miss Newman do it?
You do not have enough Action Points.
You cannot level up Debbie in Free Play Mode. You will need to restart the current punishment to complete her quest. Use the restart punishment button at the top.
OK Sally, are you ready to learn another technique?
Yes Mr [surname]. What would you like me to do?
Great. Now, as we learnt before mixing in a little pleasure along with the pain increases the effectiveness of the punishment.
Let's start you off again as before by massaging her inner thigh.