So I would be working for you and I'd get to punish other students?
Yes, within reason.
Does this mean you would stop punishing me?
No Debbie. I'm afraid not.
As my Prefect you would be held to a higher standard than the other girls.
In fact, I would expect you to report to my office whenever I demand and confess to any misdemeanours you may have committed.
So I'll be punished more?
Perhaps. However, I hope that in time you will come to find the punishments rewarding.
Also, I think you'll find the benefits of being a Prefect outweigh the disadvantages.
I don't know. I'm no snitch and I don't work for teachers.
Think about it Debbie.
OK, I'll think about it. Goodnight Mr [surname].
Now, where did I leave my skirt...
I made good progress with Debbie today. The proper application of pain, humiliation and pleasure can work wonders.
I probably achieved more this evening than I would have through several months of conventional therapy.
I think we'll definitely see an improvement in Debbie's behaviour from now on.
Something tells me she'll end up back in my office again before too long though.
In the meantime, I should work on convincing the school board to allow me to confiscate non-regulation underwear.
Then I will be able to break Debbie and I will have my first Prefect.
I should keep my eye on her in class. Make sure she's behaving herself.
OK Debbie, we are going to try that trust exercise again.
Come stand in front of my desk.
Yes sir.
OK Debbie, this is going to test you a little bit more. I'm going to touch your legs now.
Err... all right.
Hey that's sensitive!
You're doing well Debbie.
OK Debbie, this is going to test you a little bit more. I'm going to touch your legs now.
Err... all right.
Hey that's sensitive!
You're doing great Debbie. Just a little bit longer.
Very good Debbie. I'm glad to see you are becoming more trusting.
OK Debbie now stay nice and relaxed.
Sir, I...
Just close you eyes and think of Miss Newman.
Uh!
Good, it seems like Debbie has finally submitted to me. It's time to make her a Prefect and maybe have a little fun with her at the same time.
Well done Debbie. You're getting really good at this trust exercise.
Just one place left to touch Debbie.
No stop! Don't touch me there!
OK Debbie, that's fine. I understand, you've done well today.
Hmmm... she's not ready for me to touch her pussy yet. I should try again after some more training sessions.
Debbie is not ready for this yet.
Come stand over here next to me Debbie.
So have you thought more about my offer?
To become a Prefect?
Yes.
Let me ask you this, how does it feel Debbie to be spoken down to by Donna and the other girls?
It makes me really angry!
Wouldn't you like to be able to get back at her?