There's nothing in her socks either.
Let's check your knickers as well shall we.
Gross! Don't touch me there.
Good. You don't seem to be hiding anything in your underwear.
There's nothing in her socks sir and she has no other clothes on.
Good. Thank you Miss Newman.
You do not have any Action Points remaining.
OK Debbie. Lets have you up against the whiteboard over here so we can take your picture.
Miss Newman, on the white board please write Debbie's name, age and the reason she is being punished.
Yes Mr [surname].
Err, so like why are you taking my picture?
We need to keep a photographic record of each girl who is punished.
This is to help me to keep track of girl's bad behaviours, and also because the school's owners have requested that I send them pictures of each girl that is sent to my office.
The school's owners?! You mean you're going to send my picture to a bunch of old men to perv over? Gross.
The school's owners are only concerned that you are suitably punished for bad behaviour. I'm sure your appearance is of no concern to them.
Now hands back up above your head.
Whatever. So stupid.
Good, good. Now for a close up.
Now turn around.
Good, that's enough pictures for now. Please come stand back in front of my desk
Yes Mr [surname].
Oh what! So now you're taking pictures of me with my skirt off?!
You're punishment is to be recorded for the school's owners. They will need to see that I am following the school's rules by having you remove your skirt.
Yeah right. They just want to see me in my knickers.
Hand's up above your head Debbie.
Whatever...
Good, good. Now for a close up.
Now turn around.
Good, that's enough photos for now. Come stand back in front of my desk
Yes Mr [surname].
Err... You're not really going to take a picture of me with no knickers on?!
But of course Debbie.
The school's owners will be just as appalled by your non-regulation underwear as I am.
But...
Quiet Debbie. You should know better than to argue with me by now. Now hands up above your head so I can take your picture.
This shouldn't be allowed...
Good, good. Now for some close ups.
We'll take one of your face.
And one of your genitals.
Hey stop! Why do you need to take a picture of my pussy?!
I've already explained these pictures are for the school's owners.
Why do they need to see my pussy?!
Does it embarrass you Debbie, to think that a group of strangers will be looking at pictures of your genitals?
Yes!
Well if you insist on continuing your bad behaviour then you will have to get used to such embarrassment.
Now hands back up above your head so I can take the picture.
But you didn't answer my question. Why do the school's owners need a photo of my pussy?
I need to record your punishment Debbie and being bottomless is part of that punishment.
I'm sure the school's owners will be most interested in these pictures.
Now hands up above your head. Or do we need to have you tied up first.