You order Cassandra to collect all the rubbish from the classrooms.
She hates doing it. However, the other girls don't pay much attention. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
OK Miss Newman, that's enough for now.
Yes, Mr [surname].
How do you feel now Cassandra?
My fucking bum hurts, how do you think I feel?! Can I go now?
No. Go stand in the corner.
What?!
Stand in the corner, facing the wall. Keep your hands on your head and stay there until I tell you to leave.
Why?
So you have time to think about your bad behaviour and how you ended up in this situation.
This is bullshit.
Thank you for your help again Miss Newman.
No problem sir. See you later.
OK, let's check my bank account. The school's owners have transferred me 200 credits.
Hey! Keep you hands on your head Cassandra.
I can't even rub my arse?!
Not until you are given permission. Do you wish me to get Miss Newman back in here to spank you further?
No.
You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK Cassandra, you can get dressed and leave now.
I hope you will behave better in the future young lady.
Whatever.
In time Cassandra you will come to understand the importance of these sessions and you will be thanking me for them.
Dream on. I'm out of here.
Cassandra will be a difficult girl to break but I am confident my methods will be able to help her.
Hello sir, one of the students, Amy, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Amy.
Hello sir.
Amy your habit of being constantly late disrupts not only your own studies but those of your classmates.
What do you have to say for yourself?
I'm sorry sir. I'm just an eternal optimist. I always think I can get to places quicker than is actually possible.
I know you are an aspiring athlete young lady but that is no reason to tear around the campus like it's a racing track.
Sorry sir. I do mean to be on time.
You seem very relaxed Amy. You do realise you are here to be punished?
Yes sir.
Mostly likely you will be spanked.
Yes sir.
This doesn't bother you?
Not really. I have a pretty high tolerance for pain.
Plus I have buns of steel from all the exercise I get. I'm not too worried about a little spanking.
My ex-boyfriend spanked me one time. I kind of liked it.
I admire your confidence young lady. However, this is a punishment and you will not be getting away with a 'little spanking'.
Even on the most muscular women there are soft and sensitive areas where pain can be applied most efficiently.
Um...
You are very fortunate that there are some strict rules in place at this school and I am not currently allowed to punish you myself.
Otherwise I would be applying pain to those more delicate areas.
As things stand I will have to make do with instructing Miss Newman to spank you harder than the other girls.
She is a strong and athletic woman herself and I have no doubt she will be up for the challenge.