Corporal punishment. To be carried out here in my office. I have sent for Miss Newman, she should be here shortly.
Big fucking surprise. Pervert.
Knock knock
Come in.
Do you need my help again sir?
Yes Miss Newman. Cassandra here has an extremely bad attitude.
I believe that a spanking will help her to learn a little respect.
Yes Mr [surname].
Are you ready for me to begin sir?
Yes, please proceed.
I shouldn't give a public punishment to a girl who hasn't actually done anything wrong today.
You cannot give public punishments when a girl has been summoned for punishment.
A public punishment. You must spend the evening cleaning the school's grounds. I suggest you go collect all the rubbish from the classrooms.
You have issued your first public punishment. Public punishments happen around the school's grounds and give a bonus to Discipline. However, as the school's owners cannot see punishments happening outside of your office you will not receive any money.
Currently there is only one public punishment available which is ordering the girls to clean the school grounds. However, more public punishments will become available as the game progresses.
I'm not a fucking garbage man.
You are whatever I tell you Cassandra.
Now strip down to your underwear. I'm going to write the schools initials on your chest.
Seriously?
Yes Cassandra.
Alright, now hold still, young lady.
There, perfect. It suits you.
Don't forget to smile. You should wear one as much as possible.
Fuck you.
Have fun cleaning, Cassandra. Off you go now.
You order Cassandra to collect all the rubbish from the classrooms in just her underwear.
The other girls laugh at her misfortune but are also very keen to avoid the fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +3.
Whatever at least you're not looking up my skirt again.
I'll be off then.
Not just yet Cassandra. First you will need to put on this t-shirt.
You what?!
There is a new rule. Girls who have been ordered to clean the school grounds must wear this t-shirt.
Whatever, just pass it over and I'll go.
And I'm supposed to trust you to put it on? I don't think so. You can change here.
You bloody pervert. You want me to take my shirt off in front of you?
You think I'm some sort of dress up doll, and I'll just change my clothes whenever you like?
You're not leaving this office without that t-shirt on Cassandra. I suggest you hurry up and change.
Well, you can't stop me turning around, can you?
This is so stupid, what's even the point anyway?
So the other students can tell you are being punished of course.
Wait, what the fuck?!
Something wrong with the t-shirt Cassandra?
Yeah there is, it says slag in massive letters across my tits!
No, it simply has the school's initials, St Louise's Academy for Girls.
I think it rather suits you.
Fuck you.
Go on. Get out here Cassandra before you make things worse for yourself.
You order Cassandra to collect all the rubbish from the classrooms.
The other girls notice her this time and laugh.
Cassandra is annoyed and the other girls learn the price of bad behaviour {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.