I can see that you are going to be a tough nut to crack. Fortunately I am an expert in correcting the behaviour of difficult young women.
Firstly you will be spanked.
Yeah, big fucking surprise.
However, this will be just the first small step in your rehabilitation. Over time these punishment sessions will escalate.
By the time you graduate from this school you will be polite, hard working and your ambitions will extend beyond conning old men out of their money.
Dream on dickhead.
Do you consent to your punishment Cassandra?
Ha, Debbie told me how you threatened to send her off to the army.
Yeah, I consent to your stupid punishment. You ain't getting rid of me that easily.
Good. That's the first vaguely sensible thing I've heard come out of your mouth.
Knock knock
Come in.
Do you need my help again sir?
Yes Miss Newman. Cassandra here has an extremely bad attitude.
I believe that a spanking will help her to learn a little respect.
Yes Mr [surname].
I'm a grown woman, you shouldn't be allowed to do this to me.
Are you ready for me to begin Mr [surname]?
Hmmmm... Not yet. I want you to check something first. Please lift the girl's skirt for a moment.
Yes Mr [surname].
Hey!
She has regulation underwear on.
Yes, she does. I'm glad to see you are obeying some rules Cassandra.
Yeah, I'm not stupid. I thought something like this might happen.
Was that what you wanted me to check for sir?
No, actually I wanted to see if you noticed anything different about Cassandra's bottom compared to the other girls we've had in my office?
Hmmm... Well, it's a lot fuller.
Yes, indeed. Cassandra has quite a bit more padding than Debbie for example.
Hey! What the fuck are you trying to say?!
I'm saying you have a large bottom Cassandra. Now be quiet, Miss Newman and I are having a conversation.
Oh my god. Fuck you.
So why does the size of her bottom matter sir?
Well, it means two things. Firstly, there is more padding and secondly there is a larger surface area.
Stop talking about my arse!
I told you to be quiet Cassandra. Please correct the girl if she tries to speak again Miss Newman.
Yes sir.
Now as I was saying, given the size of Cassandra's behind...
Stop saying that!
Ow!
Thank you Miss Newman.
Given the size of Cassandra's behind you will need to spread the blows evenly between cheeks.
You will also need to adjust the force of your blows to account for the extra padding.
I want you to give her bottom a good feel to assess the thickness of muscle and proportion of fat. This will help you apply the correct amount of force.
Yes sir.
Plus as we learnt with Debbie, alternating between spanking and massage increases the effectiveness of the spanking.
Very good. Now when you are ready please begin the spanking, and remember to spread your blows evenly between cheeks.
Yes sir.
Back here again Cassandra. You enjoyed being spanked so much you couldn't stay away?
Can we just get this over with?
As you wish. Cassandra I sentence you to...