You called for me sir?
Ah Miss Newman. Good timing.
Amy has had a week to reflect on the bad behaviour which led to another student being injured.
I believe we should punish her again to help that important lesson sink in.
Yes sir. I agree. Sometimes one punishment isn't enough.
Hey Mr [surname], you wanted to practice punishing me some more?
I do.
That's cool. I took my knickers off already so you can practice on my bare bottom.
Good girl Amy.
So what did you want to do with me today?
Back here again Miss Street.
Yes sir. Is Miss Newman going to spank me again? She's really good at it.
Amy, for your bad behaviour I sentence you to...
Corporal punishment here in my office. I have sent for Miss Newman to spank you. She should be here any minute.
knock knock
Come in.
You called for me sir?
Indeed. Amy here was late for class today. I believe a spanking is in order.
Yes Mr [surname].
I shouldn't give a public punishment to a girl who hasn't actually done anything wrong today.
You cannot give public punishments when a girl has been summoned for punishment.
Spend the evening picking up litter around the school grounds. I suggest you go collect litter over near the sports centre.
You have issued your first public punishment. Public punishments happen around the school's grounds and give a bonus to Discipline. However, as the school's owners cannot see punishments happening outside of your office you will not receive any money.
Currently there is only one public punishment available which is ordering the girls to clean the school grounds. However, more public punishments will become available as the game progresses.
Oh what?! That sounds really boring.
It's a punishment Amy. You're not supposed to enjoy it.
Are you sure you don't want to see me getting spanked again?
Yes Amy. Go on get out of here.
Fine. How disappointing. I'll be off then.
Hold up one second Amy.
Wait, so you are going to spank me?
No. We have a new rule regarding the public punishments. I have noticed that it is not always clear which girls are being punished by being made to clean the school's grounds.
The school board has therefore proposed that girls should wear a t-shirt with the school's initials
The school's initials? But...
Here put it on.
What right here?
Yes.
Gosh.
Did the school board really say we have to change in front of you?
Look, if I just let you walk out of the office just carrying the t-shirt, what guarantee do I have that you would put it on?
This is the only way to be certain.
So it's got nothing to do with you wanting to see me with my shirt off?
Not at all. I am simply being a diligent professional.
Right... If you say so.
Well, I'll just put this t-shirt on then.
Really sir?
You have a problem with the school's initials?
Are you trying to say something?
What would I be trying to say?
Are you calling me a filthy whore sir?