No girls have been ordered to your office this evening. Would you like to summon a girl for punishment?
Developers note: Staff training scenes with Amy, Debbie and Miss Potts will be added here in a future update.
No girls have been sent to your office today for punishment.
Hello sir, one of the students, Rachel, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Rachel.
Um...
What's the matter, cat got your tongue?
Why were you sleeping in class Rachel? Do you have a medical condition that I am unaware of?
No sir...
Well then, do you find my lessons boring?
No sir, I was just up late on my computer.
Your computer? Let me guess, you were playing video games?
Well, yeah. I'm part of a league in an online game. I had to keep playing...
You had to? You do realise the situation you in are in Rachel?
Um...
If you fail from this school you will be in serious trouble. This is your second chance and there will not be a third.
I'm sorry sir.
So you should be.
Rachel, I have decided that for staying up too late playing computer games and falling asleep in my classroom you will be spanked.
Spanked?!
Do you consent to your punishment Rachel?
Consent?
Of course. We are not barbarians here Rachel. These punishments are for your benefit and you can refuse.
Um... What will happen if I don't consent?
You will be expelled.
I get to go home?
Good heavens no. I expect you will be conscripted into the military.
Me, in the army?! I don't think they'd want me sir.
A petite eighteen year old girl would not be much use on the front lines but I'm sure they could find some other use for you.
Soldiers need food and clean clothes after all. They also need entertainment.
I'm sure there are plenty of ways a pretty little thing such as yourself could help amuse the men.
Goodness...
I doubt that's true but Rachel doesn't need to know that.
The choice is simple Rachel.
Submit to your punishment, improve your behaviour, pass your exams and then go on to live a fulfilling life.
Or leave this office now and spend the rest of your life peeling potatoes, cleaning out latrines or whatever other duties the soldiers feel like giving you.
Um... I consent.
Excellent. Sadly the rules still prevent me from punishing you myself. However, the sports teacher Miss Newman will be here shortly.
Knock knock
Come in.
Do you need me to spank another girl sir?
Yes Miss Newman. Rachel here decided it was more important to stay up late playing computer games than to be awake and alert during my class.
I believe that a spanking will help correct this bad behaviour.
No problem Mr [surname].
Hello Rachel.
Hello Master. Um... I wanted to ask you something, if that's OK?
Yes?
I know I'm you P.E.T. now and I need to be punished regularly to make sure I'm super well behaved. Even when I've been a good girl.
Yes dear, I'm afraid so. That's just a part of the job.