You want me to cum quickly don't you?
You should take your shirt off too. That will really speed things along.
Yeah, fine. Whatever.
You know, you're the only guy who's ever seen me naked.
I'm honoured Debbie.
Well, you should be.
Alright, let's get this over with.
Jesus, you're, like, rock hard already.
Are you surprised? I enjoy watching you getting spanked plus I have had this blow job to look forward too.
Um...
Go on Debbie what are you waiting for?
I'm not sure this was the best idea.
Don't leave me hanging. This was your suggestion, remember?
Yeah but, I mean, I don't think I can even fit it in my mouth.
I'm not expecting you to take the whole thing down your throat on your first ever try.
In the videos I watch the girls normally do.
Porn and reality are two very different things.
Most women I've been with can't take it down more than a few inches.
Just start by gently licking the tip.
Alright.
Like this?
Yes, very good.
I'm very curious, tell me more about the types of porn you enjoy Debbie?
Err... Well I like a lot of stuff but mostly I watch guy on girl.
Or even better when there is, like, one guy and two girls.
Really? I find that very interesting. Do you watch lesbian porn too?
Yeah, I do. There are all these lesbian gifs I like on Tumbler.
The lesbian porn videos I've seen though always seems really fake and kind of a turn off.
Probably because it's all aimed at guys.
Most likely.
Do you think liking straight porn makes me weird?
No, I don't think so. Women respond sexually to all kinds of things completely unrelated to their sexual orientation.
For example, the most popular porn search for straight women is actually lesbian.
Many people enjoy seeing things in pornography that they would have no interest in doing themselves in real life.
I think you'll find there are a lot of lesbian girls who enjoy straight porn for a whole number of reasons.
Huh, you think?
Yes.
When you're ready Debbie try taking in the head and see how far you can fit it down.
OK, here goes.
That's as far as I could go.
That was a good first try Debbie but I'm pretty sure you can go deeper than that.
Give it another go.
You're not going to push my head down are you?
I'll punch you in the fucking balls if you do.
I won't Debbie, I wouldn't do that to my loyal Prefect.
OK then.
Fuck me, when it hit the back of my throat it felt like I was going to throw up.
Yes, that's a perfectly normal gag reflex. Some girls lose theirs with enough practice.
However, it would be a bit much to expect that from you Debbie.
Just take it down as far as you can and use your hand to jerk the shaft at the same time.