knock knock
Come in.
You called for me sir?
Indeed. Amy here was late for class today. I believe a spanking is in order.
Yes Mr [surname].
Ah Amy. At least you've made it on time for your punishment.
Yes sir.
How were your afternoon lessons?
Well I felt quite frustrated after you interrupted me and Tia. It was hard to concentrate.
So is Tia your girlfriend?
Nah.
Nah?
We're just fuck buddies. One girl wouldn't be enough for me sir.
No I imagine not. You have a very high sex drive, don't you?
I suppose so.
Listen Amy, I think there might be another way that you can get the sexual satisfaction that you crave.
One that wouldn't interfere with your studies and would help me in the running of the school.
Huh?
You enjoy these punishment sessions in my office don't you?
Yes.
How would you like to do this kind of thing more regularly?
I'm not sure what you're suggesting sir?
Well, I've appreciated the feedback you've been giving me and Miss Newman on our punishment techniques.
You have a deep understanding and appreciation of pain and I'd like to put it to good use.
There are a lot of girls who need to be punished at this school and I'd like help from some of the other teachers and perhaps a few trusted students.
I'm thinking about organising some training sessions after school and I need a volunteer for them to practice my punishment techniques on.
I think that you might find the sessions very enjoyable.
You want to use me as some sort of training dummy?
Not exactly. You wouldn't be a passive dummy at all, any girl would do for that.
What I want is a girl who appreciates the link between pleasure and pain. Someone who can give proper feedback.
I need someone who knows a good spanking from a bad one. A connoisseur if you will.
I don't know sir. Who would be punishing me exactly?
Well, Miss Potts is keen to learn and perhaps I might be able to convince Miss Chang, the teaching assistant Izzy and the security guard Maria.
My Prefect Debbie is also very keen to start disciplining the other students but lacks any of the necessary experience.
I think she would benefit the most if you were to volunteer to help with her training.
What do you think of her?
Debbie? She's a bully which I don't like. Although she is good looking and I like how rough she gets in sports lessons.
I'm also thinking about selecting a few students to become my Prefects to help maintain discipline around the school.
It will be essential that they receive proper training before I let them discipline any of the other girls.
So what do you think?
Sir, I do enjoy these punishment sessions and what you suggest would be kinda hot but I won't do it.
Why?
If I volunteer to be spanked and groped by all my teachers the other girls will call me a slut. They'll think that I'm a freak.
I've been through that before and I don't want to feel like that again.
Do you really want to spend your life worrying about what other people think of you?
I really think you'd get a lot of enjoyment out of it.
You're probably right but to be honest I'm getting plenty of action already.
Maybe none of the other girls are into spanking or anything but we still have a lot of fun.
OK if that's your decision. I won't force the issue.
I doubt very much that some awkward fumbles with the other students in the stationery cupboard can compare to the ecstasy she could receive from my punishment methods.