Please grab a hold of Debbie and insert two of your fingers into her vagina.
Yes sir.
Oh God...
Very good Miss Newman. I believe you will know what to do from here.
Yes sir.
Oh Miss...
How are you feeling Debbie?
Mmmmmm...
Do you want to orgasm Debbie?
Yes Miss... Please Miss...
Are you going to be well behaved from now on?
Yes Miss Newman, I'll be a good girl.
Are you going to do whatever the headmaster and I tell you?
I'll do whatever you say. I...
She's trying to kiss me sir.
This is good, her defensive barriers are breaking down.
Debbie is finally revealing to us her true nature. A vulnerable young woman who desperately craves intimacy.
Give her what she needs. Kiss her back.
Err... OK sir.
Excellent. Miss Newman is really getting into it.
My suspicions about her have proven to be entirely accurate. She enjoys disciplining the girls just as much as I do.
This is quite a thing to watch. I'm going to need to cum myself pretty soon.
I really wish I could get involved right now but I need to take things one step at a time.
I think I've done a pretty good job convincing Miss Newman that this is a necessary part of my disciplinary methods.
I wouldn't want to blow things by going any further than this now.
I think she's close sir. I can feel her shaking.
Let it happen Miss Newman. Make her cum.
Cum for us Debbie.
Mmmmmmm...
Be a good girl, Debbie. Cum for us.
Oh God!
Oh Miss Newman!
Yes!!!!
Well done. You raised Debbie to level 5.
Whoa there Debbie. I've got you.
I think she came sir.
Yes, I'm pretty sure she did.
She also seems to have to passed out.
Yes, it seems you are just as skilled at providing pleasure as you are at delivering spankings Sally.
Thank you sir.
Let's lay her down on the sofa. I'll have a chat with her when she wakes up.
OK.
She looks like she's in a deep sleep.
Yeah, you know she's actually kind of cute when she's not terrorising all the other girls.
Hmmm... I think you might be right Sally.
Do you think she'll have learnt her lesson?
Oh, I think we'll start to see a new and improved Debbie after this.
So we won't need to keep punishing her?
Hmmm... her behaviour will be much better. Perhaps she will study harder and maybe even get a passing grade at her exams.
However, we cannot settle for training mediocre students.