I should patrol the halls and look out for any interaction between Debbie and Lucy.
I should test how far Debbie has come along with her training before letting her leave today.
This evening Debbie you will be picking litter up around the school.
You have issued your first public punishment. Public punishments happen around the school's grounds and give a bonus to Discipline. However, as the school's owners cannot see punishments happening outside of your office you will not receive any money.
Currently there is only one public punishment available which is ordering the girls to clean the school grounds. However, more public punishments will become available as the game progresses.
What? No spanking this time? Fine by me.
Not today Debbie. I think the other students will benefit from seeing you being punished publicly.
Whatever. I'll get going then.
Oh but sir. Now that I'm a prefect shouldn't I just be punished here. Don't I need the other girls to respect me?
The other girls need to know that no one is above the law. No, I'm afraid you will still be subject to public punishments.
Not so fast Debbie.
What now?
The school board has decided that to make your punishment more effective you will need to wear this t-shirt.
That way the other students will know you are being punished and they will be less likely to behave badly themselves.
Whatever. Give me the t-shirt and I'll go and change.
Hahaha. No.
What do you mean, no?
I'm afraid I cannot trust you to put it on elsewhere. You'll need to do it here.
Here?! I'm not changing in front of you.
Don't waste my time, Debbie. You won't be leaving this office until you have this t-shirt on.
Fine. Anything to get out of here.
Can't believe you're making me take my shirt off now too.
Guess you'll see my bra now as well.
Which, like your knickers, is against regulations.
Yeah well, what ya going to do about it? I'm already being punished.
There, you've had a little strip tease, you perv. Now give me the damn t-shirt so I can leave.
Here you are Debbie.
Its just a plain white t-shirt, the same as our sports clothes. I don't see what the fuss is about.
Wait, what the fuck is this?
Those are the school's initials, St. Louise's Academy for Girls.
Is this some kind of a joke?
You think there is something funny about the school's name?
Yeah, it spells out 'slag'! That's what you'd call, like, a really dirty prostitute.
I'm not walking around with this on!
You don't have a choice I'm afraid. If you find it embarrassing then don't repeat your bad behaviour.
Fuck!
Go on, get out of here Debbie. Before I punish you further for swearing.
You're the one making me walk around with a dirty word on my t-shirt. Bastard.
That was a useful coincidence about the school's name. It's really time I started introducing a little more humiliation to the public punishments.
Not so fast Debbie.
You're going to make me change my clothes here again?
Of course Debbie.
That t-shirt is so embarrassing.
I think it rather suits you Debbie.
Shut up.
Still wearing your red bra I see?
Um...
You must know by now Debbie that the school's rules allow me to confiscate any article of clothing that does not fit with the uniform policy.
Hand over the bra.
Really?