I want all the girls here to become high achievers. Hard working, diligent and respectful.
There is much much more we can be doing for Debbie and all the other girls.
Are you sure it's OK what we just did to her?
Of course.
We won't get in trouble?
No. Like I said, this school was set up specifically to test out new methods of discipline such as this.
I have explicit permission from the school's owners.
What about Miss Thomas?
Hmmmm... Ruth definitely wouldn't understand the important work we are doing here.
I'm working on finding a way to convince her.
In the meantime I would advise keeping what we do here between us so that she doesn't find out.
OK sir. I'll keep this between us.
Soon Sally we will have a school filled with bright academics. Then Ruth and everyone else will have no choice but to accept my methods.
I believe in you sir.
I'm lucky to have you here Sally. You are a fine teacher.
Thank you sir.
How are you feeling? As I said before it is important to study the effects of my method on the teachers as well as the students.
I'm feeling pretty good actually sir.
That was a pretty intense experience.
To be honest I'm feeling really quite worked up right now.
How about you? It must be really hard to watch something like that without getting turned on yourself.
I...
Mmmmmmm...
It seems Debbie is waking up. We'll need to discuss this another time Sally.
I need to try to influence Debbie's behaviour while her mind is still malleable from the effects of the punishment.
Yes, of course. No problem sir.
I'll leave you to speak with Debbie. See you later.
Miss Newman is well and truly on my side now. Things should start to get easier from here.
What's going on? Where am I?
Where the hell are my knickers?!
You're in the headmaster's office Debbie. You passed out after your punishment.
Oh yeah!
Where is Miss Newman?
She's gone, but I'm not done with you yet Debbie. Go wait in the corner while I check something on the computer.
Err... yes sir.
You do not have enough Action Points.
Miss Newman. Please finger Debbie again.
Yes Mr [surname].
Please note, that we intend to add an orgasm mechanic into the game at this point for certain actions, however, this is still in development.
For the moment you will not be able to make Debbie orgasm again in this game version.
Feel free to kiss her again Miss Newman.
Yes Mr [surname].
I can't quit now! Not while I'm so close to making progress with both Debbie and Sally.
Would you like to restart to current punishment and try again? You can also use the reset punishment button at the top of the punishment interface.
Debbie
Amy
After School Staff Training
Stand up
Refuse to answer
No.