Yes sir.
I'll be off then.
Rachel spends the evening cleaning the school grounds.
This time some of the girls come to watch and laugh at Rachel as she is cleaning.
She is embarrassed and the other girls are keen to avoid her fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
Unfortunately it is the only public punishment that the rules currently allow. Soon though I will be coming up with some more humiliating tasks for you students to perform.
Go on Rachel, get going and I better not see a speck of litter anywhere on the school grounds.
Yes sir.
Rachel spends the evening cleaning the school grounds.
She is sad to miss out on spending time with her friends. The other girls don't pay her much attention. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
Now lay yourself across Miss Newman's lap. She will spank you until I am satisfied that you have learnt your lesson.
I believe that will be enough for now Miss Newman.
Thank you for your assistance. You are free to leave to leave now.
No problem Mr [surname]. See you later.
So Rachel, how are you feeling?
Um... Really sore actually.
Good
Can I go now please sir?
Not yet. Go stand in the corner with your hands on your head. You'll leave when I tell you.
Yes sir.
OK let's check the school account. Excellent. 200 credits have been transferred from Mr Mykock.
You spend the next half hour doing paperwork.
OK Rachel. Come stand back over here.
Don't let me catch you falling asleep during lesson time again young lady.
Yes sir. Sorry sir.
Hmmm... somehow I doubt Rachel will change her ways so quickly.
Maybe I should spy on her in her room tonight, make sure she's not playing computer games.
Hello sir, one of the students, Cassandra, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Cassandra.
Urrgghh, lets just get this over with.
Why the bad attitude young lady? Don't you realise that I'm here to help you?
Yeah right.
I want what's best for you Cassandra.
You just want to see me getting spanked.
I want to see your attitude and behaviour improve.
Fuck you. There's nothing wrong with me. I was doing just fine before they made me come to this school.
Oh really, and what job did you hope to get without even the most basic secondary school qualifications?
I don't need a job. I'm going to marry a rich older man.
Then I'm going to divorce him and take half his stuff.
Is that really all you want from life Cassandra? To swindle some poor old fool out of his cash.
Err... Yeah.
And what will you do when his money runs out?
I'll find some other sucker to marry.
And what will you do when your looks start to fade?
You what?!
You can't stay young and beautiful forever Cassandra. Someday you'll wake up an old woman. Alone and bitter with nothing to show for your life except a string of divorces.
Bullshit! Men will still want me even when I'm, like... really old. Like, even older than you.
I'm not that old.
Whatever.