You'll have me cumming in no time.
OK but you have to warn me when you're about to cum.
You spray it out like a fucking fire hose and I don't want it going off in my mouth.
I'll try Debbie.
You better had or I'll be fucking pissed off. I won't be doing this for you again, that's for sure.
Fair enough.
OK then, here goes.
Mmmm.... Oh yes Debbie, that feels good. Keep doing just that.
The girl's technique needs a little work but all things considered this is a pretty decent blowjob.
I'm very surprised Debbie offered to do this for me. She said she doesn't enjoy jerking me off and this can't be better for her.
I know she wants to continue being touched by Miss Newman but I wonder if there is an ulterior motive to this.
She said she had a question to ask me after the blowjob. Something she wanted me in a good mood for.
I guess I'll just have to wait and find out.
Mmmmm...
Are you, like, gonna fucking cum yet or what? My jaw is starting to hurt.
Keep going Debbie. You're doing very well.
Oh boy, I really needed this I can feel my orgasm building fast.
I don't think I'm going to be able to hold it for long.
Should I warn her?
Debbie, I'm close.
OK then, thanks for the warning, as a reward I'll let you cum on my tits.
Thank Debbie, that's very considerate of you.
Oh yes!
Aaaahhh.
Ew, yuck.
Mmmmm... That felt good.
Jesus, that is a lot of cum. Thanks for not squirting it in my mouth.
No problem Debbie. Thank you for a very fine blowjob.
I did OK?
You did great.
Cool. That wasn't actually as bad as I thought it would be.
Let me clean all this off.
Um... Mr [surname]. So, like, I wanted to ask you something?
Yes Debbie.
Do you think that I could work for you some day?
You work for me already. You're my Prefect.
No, I mean properly, like Miss Newman does?
You want to be a teacher?
Yeah, or just your assistant. I like being a Prefect and I don't want to stop when we graduate.
I'd like to help you give punishments to other girls.
And, um... I wouldn't mind if you wanted to make other girls get naked and suck your dick.
I actually think that would be, like, really hot to watch.
And maybe I could make girls do things to me too?
Hmmmm... I think you are under a misconception about the purpose of my work Debbie.
I'm not running some sort of sex cult here.
Although the idea certainly holds some appeal.
I don't just spank girls and make them perform sex acts on me for my own personal gratification.
I help young women with behavioural problems using every means at my disposal.
Including, when necessary, spanking them and making them perform sex acts.
Yeah, whatever. I want in.