Now please stand still while I write the school initials on your chest.
There, perfect. You can run along now young lady.
Yes sir.
Rachel spends the evening cleaning the school grounds.
She is upset to have her tiny breasts exposed so publicly, and the other girls are very keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +4.
Yes, that is why we have decided to improve this particular punishment.
Improve it?
Yes, the school board and I feel that if the student being punished stands out in some way it will be more embarrassing for them and they will be less likely to re-offend.
For that reason you will need to wear a t-shirt with the school's name on it, so you stand out as being punished.
A t-shirt? OK, I'll go change.
Hmmmm... No. You will have to change here I'm afraid.
Change here? But sir, I...
Those are the rules Rachel. Or would you prefer to be spanked?
Um no... Can you close your eyes though?
No.
Can I put the t-shirt over my shirt?
Absolutely not. Take your shirt off first then I'll give you the t-shirt.
Gosh, this is so embarrassing.
It looks like Rachel doesn't wear a bra. No wonder she is so reluctant to take her shirt off.
It seems like Rachel is not wearing a bra again. No wonder she is reluctant to take her shirt off.
Can I have the t-shirt please sir?
Yes Rachel, here you go.
Oh, it's got the school's initials on it.
You should get going now Rachel.
Yes sir.
Ha, I'm guessing from her lack of reaction Rachel is not familiar with the word written across her chest.
I'm sure she'll figure it out pretty soon.
Sir...
Yes Rachel.
I was wondering about what you said in the sports lesson the other day.
What did I say?
That you liked small boobs.
I did say something to that effect.
Did you like my boobs?
I think so, but its a little difficult to remember.
Perhaps if I could see them again I could give you my opinion.
Oh, OK.
So do you like them?
I do.
Are you just saying that though to make me feel better? I mean, you're a teacher so you have to say encouraging things right?
As far as I am aware there are no teaching guidelines for commenting on students' breasts.
I am telling you my honest opinion.
I don't know. I'm so small and skinny I don't know how anyone could find me attractive.
Poor girl. She's clearly very insecure. I do find the little minx rather cute but how to prove it to her?
I am pitching quite a tent at the moment. Maybe I should...
Oh my goodness! Is that a boner?
Yes Rachel, so now do you believe me?
Gosh,it looks so big!
You really do think that I'm attractive?
I do.