Sir?
What did I just say a moment ago?
Oh, um... Was it something about Napoleon?
We were talking about Tsar Nicholas II.
You are daydreaming again, Liz. Care to tell the class what's on your mind?
I think Liz is being distracted again by dirty thoughts, I've not yet found a proper outlet for her exhibitionist fantasies.
How should I deal with now her I wonder?
Punishing her in front of an all female audience is not ideal but it will have to do for now.
We can discuss your lack of concentration while your are bent over my lap in my office after school.
Yes sir.
The lesson continued with no further interruptions and you got most of your class taught. {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} +1.
I think punishment in front of your classmates will help you remain focused. Come up to the front of the class young lady.
Yes sir.
Now, in accordance to the schools rules you must remove your skirt.
Um...
Embarrassed about something, Liz?
Yes.
Liz has got no knickers on!
Nice!
Alright class, settle down.
You will also need to remove your shirt, young lady.
Yes sir.
Liz has got no bra either!
How does it feel to be naked in front of so many people, Liz?
Embarrassing.
And a little exciting too?
Yes.
Liz I want you to get up on my desk on all fours. Facing away from the class.
Yes sir.
Oh wow.
Oh my goodness! So indecent.
Yes, take a good look at your friend's exposed private parts, girls. Remember that if you behave badly that you might end up exposed like this as well.
Judging from the wetness between Liz's legs, she is clearly enjoying being exposed like this.
I think we all now know what Liz has been daydreaming about.
Well, we cannot have a girl sit through class distracted by their sexual urges.
I shall be giving Liz a spanking but I will also provide sexual relief so that hopefully she can concentrate through the rest of my lesson.
Unfortunately, I do not have time to bring her to climax with my fingers during lesson time. That will take far too long.
Instead I will be using a massage wand to force a quick and powerful orgasm.
I'm going to spank you now, Liz. Are you ready?
Yes sir.
Oh, Jesus, that really hurts.
There, nice and red. Now it's time for the vibrator.
Ooooooh!
Masturbating Liz in front of the other girls is all well and good but Liz's exhibitionist desires require a more appreciative audience.
If I'm going to help fulfil Liz's fantasies so that she can focus on her school work, I'm going to need to find a way to punish her in front of a mixed crowd of men and women.
Perhaps, it might soon be time to speak with the headmistress of the boys school, to arrange a suitable audience.
Oh my God! I... I'm....
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ahhhhhhhh!
Holy shit, that was intense...