Oh, my you are quite the squirter, aren't you?
You'd better clean that up after the lesson, young lady.
Alright, Liz. Go stand in the corner facing the wall. Let your red bottom be a reminder to the other girls not to day dream in my lessons.
Seeing their friend stripped naked and brought to orgasm caused a lot of sexual thoughts amongst the girls and {color=#df7ac4}Horniness{/color} has increased.
Spanking and masturbating a naked girl is very distracting and the girls didn't learn much this lesson. However, the girls were keen to avoid the same fate as Liz and Discipline increased significantly. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +4.
I'll let you off with a warning this time, Liz, but try to pay closer attention in future.
Yes sir, thank you, sir.
You decided to let Liz get away with her daydreaming and the girls appreciated your leniency. However, many of the other girls also started to loose focus and they did not take in your lesson, grades remained the same. Such a lax attitude is also bad for discipline. Popularity +1 Discipline -1.
Liz, you must be punished for daydreaming in my lesson. However, I do not wish to interrupt my lesson with a lengthy spanking.
As a quick and effective punishment you are required to remove all clothing from above the waist for the remainder of the lesson.
Really?
Well, OK then. If that's what I have to do.
Stand up and remove your clothes young lady.
Sure thing Mr [surname].
Your punishment is to bare your chest, Liz. We can't have girls getting around the punishment by covering themselves with their hair.
Of course not, sir.
Liz is enjoying exposing herself so this punishment has little effect on her. Hopefully, it will still encourage the other girls to pay attention.
OK Liz, sit down and try to focus. You can have your shirt back at the end of the lesson.
You punished Liz by making her sit topless for the remainder of the lesson. The effect on Discipline is much less than that for a spanking, however, the disruption was minimal and the girls paid extra close attention to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1 {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} +2.
OK girls, I have all your homework marked and I'm pleased to say that I've seen a considerable improvement in the effort you've all been putting in recently.
Clearly my enhanced disciplinary methods are working well.
Alice, I'm afraid though that, once again, your work was not up to scratch.
I'm sorry, sir. Those questions were really hard.
Next time you have a free period, I want you to come see me in my office. I think it's time I started giving you some one to one tutoring.
Yes sir, thank you.
I should spend time doing paperwork in my office and wait for Alice to come see me.
You continued the lesson uninterrupted. Alice's poor work is significantly dragging down the average grade. {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} -2.
This is a placeholder for further class events for Alice. For now you will now be jumped to another girls events.
Good morning girls.
Good morning Mr [surname].
Good afternoon girls.
Good morning Mr [surname].
After Friday's lesson I hope you all now realise the seriousness with which I take discipline in the classroom and the lengths I will go to ensure your good behaviour.
You all know the consequences for failing from this school. The stakes are high for all of us here, myself included.
You must all pass your exams at the end of this year and I am willing to do anything to make sure that happens.
With that in mind I wish to inform you that the school inspector, Miss Thomas, will be setting you a test in a few weeks time.
These are not your final exams but they are still very important. You need to really study hard these next few weeks.
I am also setting you all a five thousand word essay to write covering everything we learnt recently about Napoleon.
The marks for this essay will count towards your final grade for the year so I expect you all to get an A.
I will also be giving a pop quiz every Friday. I will be picking on one girl to answer questions. Get them wrong and you will be punished.
Sir.
Yes April.
We have to revise and write an essay?
Yes.
Even though it's really nice weather outside?
I know it's going to be very hot this week but you cannot allow the good weather to distract you from your studies.
Sir.
Yes April. There's no need to raise your hand mid conversation.
It's hard to concentrate when we are all feeling so hot. Can we at least take our ties off and untuck our shirts?
No. I'm afraid not. I know you would all rather not have to wear collared shirts and ties this week but the rules are clear and the uniform policy must be adhered to.