A common exhibitionist fantasy. The thrill of being naked. The risk of getting caught.
Was that all you were daydreaming about?
No sir, I... I imagined other things too.
Tell me your naughtiest thoughts, Liz.
I... I can't...
Tell me or I will stop.
Don't stop, sir! Not yet.
I was thinking about being punished in public. I was naked just like Alice was in class.
Who was punishing you?
You were, sir.
Where was this happening exactly?
At my old school.
Why at your old school?
Because there were boys there and other male teachers.
I was... Oh sir... That feels...
Keep going, Liz. I need you to finish telling me your fantasy.
I imagined all the boys and men were watching me getting punished. That they couldn't take their eyes off of my body
Uh... I imagined all the girls being jealous of the attention I was getting.
Go on.
Oh sir.
I imagined that you... Made me do things in front of them.
What kind of things, Liz?
You put your fingers in me, like you did to Priti.
You made me put your dick in my mouth and suck on it.
What were the boys doing?
Mmmmm... They were touching themselves.
I see. You have this fantasy often?
Yes.
Oh Mr [surname]. I... 
I think I'm going to...
Ahhhh....
Liz you naughty girl, you've squirted all over my hand and my leg. What have you got to say for yourself?
I'm sorry, sir.
You need to clear your head off these thoughts, Liz. I cannot have you daydreaming in my class.
I'll try to be better, sir.
Good girl.
You can put your skirt down now.
Let's hope that this little relief will allow you to focus on your studies for a while.
Yes sir. Thank you, sir.
You're welcome. Run along now.
Liz is never going to be a top student if she is constantly distracted by sexual thoughts and urges.
I think letting Liz indulge in some of her exhibitionist fantasies might help her pay closer attention in class.
Weakness discovered. True exhibitionist. Liz derives sexual pleasure from the reaction of others to her exposed body. Simply being naked is not sufficient to give her pleasure, an appreciative audience is also required.
If I catch her daydreaming again perhaps I should give her a little taste of her fantasy and punish her in front of class.
Of course, her classmates are mostly straight women and Liz will only get so much pleasure from their reaction to her nudity.
Longer term I may need to find a way to punish her in front of men and women.
Yes, of course. Sorry sir.
Liz picked up her pen and the lesson continued uninterrupted. {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} +1.
You spot Liz daydreaming in class.
Liz!