Claire's training is really coming along. She did a good job humiliating Faye when she was late for class and out of uniform.
However, I am very concerned about the way she acted in the hallway afterwards.
An effective disciplinarian requires an enormous amount of self-control.
Although I enjoyed the kiss she gave me, it clearly demonstrated that she can let her emotions and impulses get the better of her.
She also really seemed to enjoy the feeling of power that punishing Faye gave her.
Perhaps a little too much.
That's not a problem in itself but combine a lust for power with a lack of control over her impulses and it could become a serious problem.
She needs to learn to respect the power she holds over her students before she starts to abuse it.
I'll need to keep a very close eye on her when she starts punishing the girls to make sure she can maintain her composure.
First off though, we need to start introducing some pleasure into our training sessions.
If that kiss she gave me in the corridor is anything to go by I suspect that I might be in for a good time this evening.
Good evening [cname].
Good evening Claire.
Please, come sit with me on the sofa.
That was some great sex I had with Claire. It was unfortunate to have to give her such a rough punishment.
She did seem to quite enjoy herself in the end though.
I don't think there is much more I can teach her about disciplining women but punishing her though.
To continue her training we'll need one of the students to practice on.
I don't think I should visit Claire until I've completed her training and made her understand how it feels to be mistreated by a teacher.
I should try again at punishing her in my office and hope she doesn't use her safe word this time.
There will be no point training Claire any further until I've seen her trying to punish one of the girls.
I should visit her classroom during the day before continuing her training any further.
So Claire, before we discuss your training, I wanted to talk to you about what happened in the corridor after you punished Faye.
You mean when I kissed you?
Yes.
I'm sorry about that, [cname]. I got caught up in the moment.
It's OK.
No, it isn't. We were in the middle of the school corridor. Any one of our students or colleagues could have seen.
It was highly unprofessional of me and I think that I should be punished.
Hmmm... I suppose that is true.
But then maybe I could kiss you again?
I'd like that. First, though we must discuss your training.
Claire's training will continue in a later update.
So Claire, I think your training has been going well and it's nearly time for you to punish one of the girls.
First though, we need to give you a little more experience.
Given your recent unprofessional conduct in the corridor I believe that I will need to give you a real punishment.
Yes [cname]. It was very naughty of me to kiss you like that at work. I consent to be punished.
Good. Tonight we shall combine everything I have taught you so far.
I want you to really understand how you should feel during a punishment.
Embarrassed for your predicament, ashamed and remorseful for the actions that led you to be punished.
You must feel that your punishment is justified and it is for your benefit.
And most importantly, despite the pain and humiliation, you must feel safe and cared for.
That sounds like how things should be.
There is also one very important aspect of a proper punishment I have yet to teach you.
I am ready [cname].
The roleplay has begun and you shall address me as sir.
Yes sir.
Now Claire, you understand why I must punish you today?
Yes sir. I lost control of my emotions and I kissed you in the middle of the school.
Indeed, any of the students or teachers could have seen us.