[cname]...
I would have to treat you very badly for this to work.
I would have to hurt you and I would have to humiliate you.
I... I think I can take it.
I would have to take advantage of your body for my own sexual gratification.
My goodness!
I care for you too much to do that to you, Claire.
[name], I care about you too. You've helped me so much since you arrived at this school.
You've made me feel stronger and more confident in myself.
You've made me feel... Other things that I've never really felt before.
I want to be a strong disciplinarian like you and if you think this is something I need to experience then I am willing to go through with it.
Are you certain you?
I am.
This will be much harder than anything I've done with you so far.
You may feel differently about me afterwards.
I wouldn't want to jeopardize our friendship or any future relationship that may form between us.
Oh [name].
I trust you and I know that you wouldn't hurt me if it wasn't necessary.
OK then.
Shall we do this now?
No, not now, not here. I need time to prepare.
Tomorrow night meet me at my office. I shall show you the wrong way to punish a student.
I want you to experience how it feels to be at the mercy of someone who is punishing you unjustly for their own pleasure.
I want you to understand the emotions this creates. Anger, resentment, and fear.
Goodness.
It is simply not enough for me to explain these things to you.
You must experience them for yourself. You must understand how it feels so you know never to make a student feel that way yourself.
I understand [cname].
This will work best if you fully immerse yourself in the role of a student.
I have one of the proper school uniforms I can wear this time. I'll do my best to stay in character.
Good. The roleplay will begin from the moment you enter my office.
I won't stop punishing you if you ask me to. However, I will stop immediately if you use an agreed safety word.
Yes [cname]. If it becomes too much I'll say the word 'red'.
Understood. I shall see you tomorrow evening, Claire, in my office.
See you then [cname].
Claire should be here any minute. I'll need to start the role play as soon as she comes in.
If I'm really going to put Claire off from abusing her authority in the future I'm going to have to show her how it feels to be abused herself.
I need to make her afraid of me or this won't work. I may need to get a little rough with her and do things I wouldn't normally do to a student.
I'll need to be careful not to take things too far too fast though. If I make her too afraid she may use her safe word and the roleplay will be over.
If she ends things too soon she won't have learned her lesson.
I'll need to use some of my usual punishment techniques to increase her feelings of submission before I try anything too drastic.
If she uses her safe word 'red' I must stop immediately.
Claire should be here any minute to try again at the roleplay.
I'll need to be more careful this time not to make her too afraid too quickly.
Knock knock
Good evening Claire.
Good evening headmaster, sir. You asked to see me?
I did. Come in.
The goal of this punishment is different from usual. In this roleplay, you need to show Claire the wrong way to give a punishment so that she learns not to treat her students the same way. The normal rules for punishments do not apply.
The two bars in the top right indicate her Fear and her Submission towards you. To complete the punishment you'll need to max out her Fear.