Claire, I want you to lay across my lap.
Across your lap?
Yes. It is generally more embarrassing for the student to be put across your knee like a naughty child.
It is also a more intimate position and subconsciously the student will feel more cared for and secure.
OK sir.
First, remove the rest of your clothes.
As you wish, sir.
Very good Claire.
Now, lay across my lap.
Yes sir.
Sir! There's something hard pressing against my stomach.
Goodness me! Is that?!
My erection. Yes.
Forgive me, Claire. It seems it is my turn to be embarrassed.
I am accustomed to punishing students. Not fully developed women such as yourself.
The curve of your hips, your ample breasts, the scent of your perfume.
Everything about you I find quite intoxicating.
Oh sir, it feels so hard. So... Big. I'm sorry to be causing you such discomfort.
No, I apologise, Claire. I am trying to teach you the correct way to punish a student.
How you must maintain control of your emotions and yet my body has betrayed me.
That's OK. I'm happy that you find me so attractive.
I'm going to begin your spanking now. I'm afraid I won't be going easy on you this time.
I wouldn't want you to sir. I deserve this.
OK, here we go.
Actually Claire, I've just realised I have something else I need to do this evening. I will have to come back another night.
No problem [cname]. I'll see you soon.
There, Claire's bottom is turning a little pink.
I should move on for now and start giving her some pleasure. I'll return to spanking her shortly.
There, Claire's bottom is starting to turn a nice red colour now.
It's time to give her some more pleasure. I'll return to spanking her again shortly.
I think Claire has definitely been spanked well enough for this evening.
I can move on with the punishment when I'm ready.
Hmmm...
I think Claire needs a little more colour in her cheeks before I move on with the next part of the punishment.
It's time to start introducing Claire to some of the more advanced aspects of my punishment methods.
I'll need to warm her up gently to begin with. She is likely to have strong reservations about touching the girls in a sexual manner.
However, as this punishment progresses she will become more susceptible to suggestion and I can start to push things further.
Claire, before we continue any further I'm just going to gently massage the skin of your thighs.
As I explained it is important to provide contrasting sensations to maximize the effectiveness of the spanking.
I'm going to need you to spread your legs a little bit.
Yes sir.
Good girl.
How does this feel?
The skin there is sensitive. The way you are touching me feels very nice.
Good. Now is the right time to start to influence your students' behaviour.
While you want the student to associate the pain of the spanking. You want them to associate your message with pleasurable sensations.
Do you understand?
Yes sir.
This is an important lesson I'm trying to teach here, Claire, so I'm going to move my hand a little further up your leg to help the message sink in.
Oh goodness...