The least I can do is take care of your needs as well.
What did you have in mind?
Well, first you promised me another kiss, remember?
I do.
Mmmmmmm...
You've done so much for me [cname]. Why don't you just relax and let me give you some pleasure as well.
That would be kind of you.
First let's get you out of these clothes.
Oh goodness, that is a very big penis.
I thought I saw a big bulge in your trousers but I had no idea you were hiding such a... A weapon.
I didn't realise you had been checking out my bulge Miss Potts.
Sorry, I couldn't help myself, some things are hard to miss. It looks so much bigger now it's erect.
Oh and it's so hard too.
I have had a beautiful naked woman across my lap. That is to be expected.
You think that I'm beautiful?
Very.
Sit down [cname]. You've already made me feel so good this evening, I just want to do something for you this time.
Let me take care of that big cock.
It feels so big in my hand I really want to try taking it in my mouth.
That's fine by me Claire.
Mmmmmmm....
Goodness, this is going to be hard to fit in my mouth. I'll just lick it for a while first.
I'm afraid it's a long time since I gave anyone a blowjob and I've never even handled a cock so big before.
I hope I'm able to satisfy you [cname]. I really want to thank you for all the time and effort you've put into my training.
Thank you, Claire, seeing you change from the nervous woman to the strong and confident woman you are now is all the satisfaction I require.
However, if you want to suck on my cock as a way of saying thank you, then I am happy to accept.
I do want to [cname]. I want to very much.
Mmmmmm...
Claire might not be very experienced but this is still a very enjoyable blow job.
This behaviour seems a little out of character for Claire. I was expecting her to want to kiss me again this evening but I wasn't expecting her to want to get straight down to sucking my cock.
Is this more evidence of an impulsive nature?
I will really need to keep a very close eye on Claire when she starts punishing the girls, to make sure she can keep a cool composure.
She doesn't yet understand how easy it is to lose yourself when giving a punishment. To succumb to a lust for power and dominance over another person.
I will never know if she is cut out to be a good disciplinarian until I've seen her in action. I need to see her spanking one of the girls.
Am I doing OK? Are you going to cum for me [cname]?
Yes Claire... Any moment now...
I want you to cum on my face, will you do that for me?
Yes- here it comes!
Ahhhhh.....
Thank you, Claire. I think I really needed that.
You're telling me! I've never seen so much cum before.
Let's get some tissues and get you cleaned up.
I ought to be getting back to my apartment and start getting ready for bed. It is getting rather late.
No problem, I need to shower and get ready for bed myself.
Don't forget, Claire, that next time you are in class and a girl misbehaves I want you to use the methods I have been teaching you.
Make sure the punishment is justified. I don't want you punishing anyone for the sake of it.
I also want you to keep your emotions in check and not to get carried away.
I'll try my best to stay silent and won't interfere unless absolutely necessary. It will be down to you to remember everything I have taught you.
I understand [cname]. I'll do my best.
Good night Claire.