Ow ow ow!
Oh dear, this is completely the wrong way to go about a punishment.
Claire is letting her emotions get the better of her again. She clearly has some pent up anger and she is taking it out on Mary.
Mary, on the other hand, is confused and frightened. She was let off for not handing in her homework previously and now she is being punished severely.
The change in Claire's response was sudden and unexplained. I thought I taught Claire better than this.
Ouch!
I don't want to interrupt though unless I absolutely have to. I don't want to undermine Claire's authority.
Wow, Claire is hitting her really hard. She is a lot stronger than she looks.
Ow! Miss, please stop, that really hurts. It wasn't my fault!
Ouch!
Now stand up!
Miss I'm sorry please let me go now.
No, I'm not done with you yet.
Let's get those knickers down!
Miss Potts wait, the rules don't allow you to...
Miss Potts!
Oh dear, Claire is already starting to take things too far.
There, how does it feel to have your vagina exposed in front of your teachers?
Miss stop, there is a man here. Let me pull them back up.
No Mary, I want you to feel ashamed.
Let him see your naked body.
No Miss!
I want you to remember this so you don't think I'm weak and that you can get away with disrespecting me!
But I never thought that!
In fact, I think you should feel even more embarrassed.
Let's get that shirt open too.
Stop it please, why are you doing this?
To teach you a lesson you won't soon forget.
Miss Potts wait that's not actually allowed...
Miss!
This is for your own good young lady. Hopefully, you'll learn not to disrespect me in the future.
Good grief, Claire is enjoying this far too much. Who would have thought that the shy and timid woman I met all those weeks ago would become so aggressive.
I said I wouldn't interfere but I may have to. Claire is breaking a number of the school's rules here.
Whoa there Miss, what are you doing? You can't touch me there!
Yes I can. I can touch you wherever I want.
Do you like it when I touch you here?
No Miss Potts. You're making me very uncomfortable. I don't understand what's happening.
Claire has been too aggressive and she has frightened the girl too much. No amount of pleasurable touching will work if the girl is afraid.
Plus she's not even attempting to alter Mary's behaviour, she's just venting her pent up anger and enjoying the feeling of dominance.
Miss Potts, I think Mary has learned her lesson.
Not quite yet she hasn't. Get back over the desk Mary!
But Miss Potts...
Ooooffff.
I'm going to spank that bare bottom of yours.
No! Please don't!
Now to give you a little pleasure too.
Oh my God! Miss Potts, your finger is in my vagina!
Yes it is.
Miss, stop it! I don't want you to touch me there.
Miss Potts I think that's enough now!