Claire you want to be an effective disciplinarian don't you?
Yes sir.
You want to be able to control your class and help them become the best students they can be.
Yes sir.
Then you must be willing to do whatever is necessary to help the girls. Even if it makes you feel uncomfortable.
I... Yes of course. We must help the girls.
But are you sure it's OK to touch a student like this?
This is a perfectly natural thing to do.
For couples yes but not for a teacher and their students.
That is not an accurate comparison. With couples, the pleasure is both ways. You must remember that when pleasuring a student as part of a punishment it is all about them.
Notice how I place my fingers lightly on the areas with the highest concentration of nerve endings.
I am not simply groping at your body for my own amusement.
But the students are still just teenagers, I don't know if they are ready for this.
They are all over eighteen. They are ready.
But sir, what will people think?
Claire is still resisting. I'll need to push things further.
Oh my gosh!
People will understand when the girls all graduate with top grades. The world will look to us as an inspiration.
I... I understand what you're saying... I...
Oh goodness sir, I feel so good...
Good. Claire is starting to come around to my way of thinking.
I feel a little guilty using my punishment methods to alter her opinion rather than convincing her through discussion alone.
It is unfortunate but I do not see a way around it at the moment.
It's time to bring her to a climax so that she subconsciously associates what I've told her with positive emotions.
Oh God, sir... I...
Oh God...
Ahhhhh!
OK Claire, the roleplay is over now and you may stand up.
Thank you [cname]. You'll need to give me a moment to compose myself. That orgasm was very intense.
It's OK, take your time.
So, how do you feel about that punishment?
I feel good. The spanking was very painful but then that orgasm afterwards was incredible.
Gosh, my bottom is rather sore. Is it very red?
It's looking rather rosy, yes.
How do you feel about trying to control your impulses in the future?
I really don't want to repeat my mistakes but I also feel very positive about changing my behaviour.
Excellent. That is how you should feel.
I'm still not convinced we should be touching the girls in such a sexual way. However, I believe you when you say it is very effective.
I'll certainly give some thought to everything you've taught me today.
Good. I think it's time we moved on to the next stage of your training.
I shall visit your classroom again soon. Next time a girl misbehaves I want you to spank them.
In class?! In front of all the other girls?!
No, I think for your first time it would be better if you punish the girl without an audience.
You'll need to build up your confidence a little.
Tell the girl you want her to stay after class and I will supervise you spanking them.
OK. I think that would be easier for the first time.
That's all the training we have time for tonight though Claire.
Oh but don't go yet [cname].
I felt how hard you were against my stomach. I would hate for you to leave here in so much discomfort.
You spent your whole evening having to punish me for my bad behaviour.