Anyway, see you later Rachel.
Hey Mr [surname].
Hey Rachel.
Um, did you want me to help you with anything after school today?
No, that's fine. You did very well staying awake today in class. You go back to your room after school and relax a little. Just make sure to get a good night's sleep.
Yes sir! I'll masturbate like you showed me and I'm sure I'll be able to sleep just fine after that!
Good girl Rachel, you can run along now.
See you later sir!
Hmmmm... Maybe I should spy on Rachel again this evening to make sure she is getting a good night's rest.
It looks like Rachel is playing games again. It's nearly time for her to finish and go to bed. Let's see if she can manage to pull herself away.
Rachel's has clearly made her character to look a bit like her, except with slightly bigger boobs and long hair.
I suppose it makes sense that she made her character look how she wants to be and not how she is.
Right, time to win this battle so I can go to bed.
OK good, it sounds like she is nearly ready for bed. I'm glad she is getting over her game addiction.
I wonder though is she only ready to go to bed because she is winning the game?
I wonder what would happen if she was distracted and lost the battle.
Gotcha!
Ah yeah! Sliced them both at the same time! Still champion!
Aisha reigns supreme once again.
I guess I'd better get to bed now.
Tap tap.
What was that?
Crap, I missed my attack.
Oh no! A shield bash.
Ahhh! Hit again.
They're using armour shredding attacks!
Oh wow. They have nudity in this game! It must be made in Japan.
Stupid boys, they only care about seeing boobs. They should be trying to lower my health instead of my armour rating.
Lucky for me though, now I have a chance to counterattack.
My defence is lowered. I need to be careful not to get hit again.
I think I can take them both out at the same time with a jump attack.
I need to time it perfectly and it will use up all my stamina. I just need to concentrate.
Here I go!
Gotcha!
Ah yeah! Sliced them both at the same time! Still champion!
Aisha reigns supreme once again.
I guess I'd better get to bed now.
Yawn!
I guess it's time to do my special homework.
Mmmmmmm...
Ahhh... It's so much easier to orgasm now the headmaster showed me how to do it.
Yawn...
Ah good, rachel is finally getting a good night's sleep. Still, though, I can't help but wonder what would have happened if she had lost her game.
Would she have carried on playing and then ended up being sleepy tomorrow?
Maybe I'll check back again another night.
Tap tap.
Huh?! There's that noise again.
Aw crap, I miss-timed it. They blocked my attack.
They got me again! More armour shredding attacks?!
What are they playing at? They could have beaten me already if they just went for my HP.