No, I'm not finished.
This is a disaster. It's quite disturbing to see how easily my punishment methods can be used incorrectly in inexperienced hands.
Claire has done all the right things. She's embarrassed the girl, spanked her and touched her breasts and genitals.
All good procedures for dealing with a naughty student.
However, the way she's gone about it has been all wrong.
Like a cake made with all the right ingredients but baked at the wrong temperature. The whole thing has turned into a complete mess.
Mary is scared and confused. She doesn't understand that this is all part of deserved punishment.
It's time to stop this before it gets any worse than it already is.
Miss Potts that is enough!
CLAIRE!
That's enough!
[cname]... Aren't I doing what you taught me?
No. This is all wrong!
But I thought this was what I was supposed to do?
I told you to always keep your emotions in check, not to unleash your anger on a confused and frightened student!
The point of my punishment method is to leave the student feeling positive afterwards. Not scared half to death.
Mary are you OK?
*Sob*
I'm sorry Mary, Miss Potts took things too far. You can stand back up now.
*Sniff*
Mr [surname], I did do my homework honestly but my computer broke and couldn't print off my assignment.
Is that so?
Yes sir. I gave my computer to Samantha this morning and she's getting it fixed for me. You can check with her.
I see.
Oh Mary, I didn't realise. Why didn't you say something?
I tried to but you didn't give me a chance to explain. You were too angry.
Oh no. What have I done?
Miss Potts, head home. I shall speak to you there.
I'm sorry Mr [surname].
Head home Claire.
Yes sir.
Mary, let's get you back to your dorm. You can take the rest of the day off to recover from this mistreatment.
Yes sir.
Claire really messed up today. Although the blame for this ultimately rests with me. She was clearly not ready, I shouldn't have allowed her to punish a student.
I should have seen the warning signs when she punished Faye. I worry that I may have created a monster.
There must be some way for me to salvage this situation.
Perhaps if Claire knew how it felt to be mistreated by someone with power over her she would be less tempted to abuse that power herself.
My next lesson will be very harsh for her but sadly it is the only way.
[cname], please come in. And take a seat.
What the hell happened Claire?!
I'm so sorry Mr [surname]. I don't know what came over me. I... I just need more training.
If you would just punish me again, I'll get it right next time.
I don't think there will be a next time Claire, I'm afraid that we need to stop your training.
What?! But why? We were making such great progress.
I... I was starting to really enjoy it.
I know Claire and I'm afraid that is the problem.
You enjoyed the feeling of dominance and power when punishing Mary and then you let that feeling overwhelm you.
To be a good disciplinarian you must be in complete control of your emotions and your impulses.
Unfortunately, I have seen this many times before in other teachers I have worked with.
They soon start to give out punishments simply because they enjoy it.