Oh, OK. What should we do first then?
Well, if it's OK with you I suggest we try kissing.
Oh my!
Have you kissed a man before, Rachel?
No sir.
I'd really like to though.
Good. Kissing is an excellent way to increase feelings of intimacy between two people.
It will be a good starting point as we gradually work towards giving you your first orgasm.
OK!
I'm ready.
Mmmmm...
Oh Mr [surname].
How does that make you feel?
I... I feel really... Hot and tingly between my legs.
Good, that means it's working.
Um sir...
Yes dear.
Can I tell you a secret?
Of course.
When I was trying to masturbate I was thinking about how you looked at my body when I took off my top in your office.
I was thinking about that big bulge in your trousers and how that was because of me.
Then I was thinking about what happened in the locker room and how you got so big and hard from looking at my breasts.
Do you think you could get an erection again? I'd really like to see it.
OK Rachel. Why don't you take off the rest of your clothes and we'll see what happens.
Yes sir. Although, I still feel a little nervous about undressing. Do you mind if I put my cat ears on to help me feel confident?
Please do Rachel.
Yay! I always feel much better when I'm being a cat.
Good. I'm glad the roleplay has helped improve your confidence.
It has! I feel so much better about taking my clothes off now.
Although, I still get really jealous sometimes, especially of Miss Newman, her body is so amazing. I still wish I had big boobs like hers.
That's OK Rachel, at least you are making progress on improving your own self-image.
So do you like my body, Mr [surname]?
Yes Rachel I do and here is my proof.
Oh wow!
Oh gosh it's big and hard already!
Um... Is it OK if I touch it?
Yes, of course.
Oh gosh, I love the way it feels.
OK Rachel, as nice as this is we are getting sidetracked. We're here to help you this evening, remember? Now, I want you to lay down on the bed.
I'm going to start massaging your body to begin building some pleasure.
Can I keep playing with your dick too, sir?
Of course if that helps you feel turned on. It might be easier if I took my clothes off entirely.
OK!
Eeeee! You're so big and manly Mr [surname]!
Thanks.
Alright, now lay down on the bed young lady.
Are you going to make me orgasm now?!
Yes, Rachel, I am.
Yay!
Are you feeling comfortable and relaxed Rachel?