I'm not sure it's going to go in, sir. She's too small.
Push a finger in first. Stretch her out a little.
Yeah OK.
Ooooh.
Oh gosh.
You know, if you'd told me when I started this job that I'd end up fingering a students arsehole while the headmaster watched, I wouldn't have believed it.
It's funny how quickly strange things can start to seem almost normal.
Ooooh.
Are you sure it's alright to be doing this?
Of course, Sally. I realise that it is unusual but don't forget that this school is an experimental facility.
Ahhh...
It is our duty to try out new and better methods for punishing students. We can't just carry on giving spankings all the time, what would we learn from that?
Eeeeee.
I guess so. Still, when it actually comes down to it and you've got your finger up a student's bum, it does make you wonder if you are doing the right thing.
It is the right thing Sally and you are a credit to your profession that you would be willing to go this far to help a student.
Thanks.
Ooooooh... Miss Newman, that feels funny.
I know dear.
OK, She's a little less tight now. I'm going to try pushing it in again.
Here we go.
Oooofff.
Ooooh...
Fuck!
Rachel! Mind your language, I expect better from you.
Sorry sir, it's just no one's ever put anything in my bottom before.
Eeeeek!
OK, it's in. That'll keep her awake for sure and we didn't even have to hit her. This was a good idea.
I know.
OK, Rachel. Get up now and cover yourself up.
Yes sir.
Thanks for your help, Sally.
No problem. I'd better go wash my hands and get back to the sports centre.
Yes, and we'd better get to class. Come along Rachel.
Ooooh God.
Ooooooh.
You OK Rachel?
Yes sir. I was sooo embarrassed about so many people seeing me masturbate and now I have something big and uncomfortable in my bottom.
This has got to be the worst morning ever.
I'm sorry dear but just think of this as a learning experience. Do you think you'll be falling asleep before class again soon?
No sir! I'll never do that again!
I'm glad to hear it, Rachel.
I love it when a plan comes together. Another student helped with their behavioural problem.
I really am very good at being a headmaster. It's quite lucky for me and the girls that I stumbled into this job.
Anyway, come along. Let's get you to class.
You spend the morning teaching the girls history. The girls all seem to be paying attention and you get through the whole lesson uninterrupted. Grades +2.
Poor Rachel looks rather uncomfortable.
She hasn't fallen asleep though so the butt plug is certainly doing it's job.
Poor Rachel looks incredibly sleepy. She's trying really hard to stay awake though, bless her.
Despite her little relapse last night she's actually made a lot of improvement recently with her behaviour.
Also, after this morning's embarrassment, I don't think she'll be falling asleep in class again anytime soon.