Or they give overly harsh punishments to students for minor misdemeanours.
This always has a counterproductive effect on the students' grades.
I fear you may be right [cname].
I felt such a rush when I pulled Faye's bra off and then humiliated her in front of the whole class.
I was drunk with power and I wanted more. I desperately wanted to have that feeling again.
Since then I couldn't stop thinking about how much I want to start spanking the girls.
Then when I finally had the chance to spank someone I just lost control of myself. I took things too far.
Yes, this is what I was afraid of.
You must think that I'm a terrible person.
Not at all. It is OK to enjoy the feeling of dominance over others. It's a natural human desire.
However, if you let that feeling overwhelm you then the punishments you give will stop being about correcting the student's behaviour and will become about satisfying your own desires.
The student will sense this and they will resent you for it.
The punishment will not be effective and the student's behaviour may even get worse.
Oh dear.
I was worried about this possibility when we started your training.
Some people have great natural control over their emotions and I had hoped that you were such a person.
Sadly, that does not appear to be the case.
I'm afraid you may not be cut out for enforcing discipline.
But there must be a way for me to control these feelings?
Only through many years of impulse control training. I'm afraid we simply do not have that amount of time.
So after everything it turns out I am a lost cause after all.
Is there really no hope for me?
Hmmm... Well, there may be a way to speed the process but... No. No, that would be unthinkable.
Wait, so there is a way to continue my training?
No. Forget I said anything.
Please [cname], we've made so much progress I don't want to stop now.
There is only one way I know of to help someone in your situation.
I'm willing to try anything.
No. You wouldn't want this.
Please let me hear your idea and let me decide for myself.
OK. I shall explain but please know that this is an extreme measure and I am very much against it.
I understand and I still want to hear.
Your lack of experience being punished yourself means you do not have an understanding of the power you have over your students and how easily it can be misused.
So far I have only shown you the correct way to give punishments and you do not understand how easily things can go wrong.
How easy it is to succumb to temptations.
How easy it is to treat someone you have power over as an object for your own amusement.
I believe if you understood how that felt you would not be so tempted to abuse that power.
You would learn to wield your authority with restraint and self-control.
I think I understand.
You need to show me the wrong way to give a punishment?
That is correct. You would need to learn how it feels to be the victim of an abusive disciplinarian.
That way you can recognise those behaviours and desires in yourself and learn how to avoid them.
I understand and I want to go through with this.
It's not that simple I'm afraid.
Please?
No Claire. I'm afraid we must simply put an end to your training.
I want this [cname], I want to be the best teacher I can be. I'm willing to try anything.
You don't know what you are asking of me. I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I can't go through with it.
But why?
Because I have grown very fond of you Claire. You are a beautiful and kind person.