Now I'm out of stamina, I can't defend myself!
I'm out of potions too, there's nothing I can do!
Why haven't they finished me off? I'm a sitting duck.
What?!
How can they pick me up like that?! I've never seen that in this game before.
I've dropped my swords! What is happening?!
Oh no! These guys must have installed the new lewd content DLC that Emily told me about!
I thought you needed to opt-in.
Dammit, I knew I should have read that pop-up window when I logged in. It's normally just really boring stuff so I just clicked yes to everything.
My Aisha! What are they doing to her?!
Oh my god! They've got their thingies out!
Oh wow. They're big.
Oh my goodness, what are they doing now?!
They're making her touch both their thingies at the same time!
Sweet Jesus! Sex, in a computer game?!
What will they think of next?
I guess it makes sense when you think about it.
Games are often more entertaining than not interactive media. Why should the same not be true for porn.
The two things seemed destined to be combined.
Oh gosh... This is really naughty.
It looks like Rachel is enjoying it.
Um...
I guess I am supposed to be masturbating right now.
I'll need to get these shorts off.
Goodness, this is so naughty.
Oh wow! Now they are having sex with her!
I should take my top off too so I can play with my boobs like the headmaster was doing.
That's better.
Mmmmm... Sorry Aisha but this is actually kind of hot.
So Rachel is discovering the joys of pornography. That's fine of course as long as she goes to bed straight afterwards.
Pornography can be just as addictive as computer games. The two together seems like a dangerous combination.
Oh gosh, they're cumming all over my poor kitty!
But wait, is it over already?! I wasn't done yet.
Maybe I'll have another battle.
Oh dear, oh dear. It's just as I feared. Rachel is still addicted to computer games.
I had hoped she would swap her late-night computer games for masturbation.
Instead she has simply combined the two activities.
If she keeps this up I can tell she is going to be very tired tomorrow.
If I catch her sleeping in the dorms again I'll need to really teach her a lesson this time.
Anyway, I can't stay out here all night. I made enough noise already tapping in the glass. I should move on.
Whilst walking past the student dorms something catches your eye in the dorm reception.
Well well well, what a surprise. It looks like Rachel nodded off on the sofa again.
She must have stayed up very late again last night masturbating to her game.
Once again she has fallen asleep in public leaving herself at risk of who knows what happening to her.
It's really a very bad habit of hers and I need to put her off from doing this again. For her own safety of course.
What should I do with her I wonder?
Rachel.
Mmmmhmmm...
Rachel!
Huh? What? What time is it.