Oh sir...
Listen very carefully, Claire, you've been doing well with your training but I have serious concerns about your behaviour.
I fear that your continued compulsive shopping habit and you kissing me in the corridor are symptoms of the same deeper problem.
You are impulsive and you lack self-control. You can let your emotions get the better of you.
An effective disciplinarian must be cool and dispassionate.
It is OK to enjoy punishing the girls but you can not let lust for power overwhelm you. Do you understand?
Yes sir.
I shall supervise you spanking one of the girls soon and I need to know that you won't lose control of yourself.
We can not have a repeat of your behaviour in the corridor. What if Ruth saw us kissing like that? We could lose our jobs. The school could be closed down.
I'm sorry sir. I'll try to keep control of myself.
I hope that will be enough. I need to be certain though. I think we will need to take today's punishment a little further so I can be sure.
First, let's give you a few more spanks.
Ouch! Oh goodness, it hurt a lot more that time.
Indeed. When the student has been very naughty, as you have, it is important to increase the amount of pain they receive.
However, this also means that the amount of pleasure given to the student needs to increase as well.
Spread your legs again Claire.
Yes sir.
For the inexperienced girls who are unused to physical contact, massaging the buttocks or thighs is often sufficient to give all the pleasure needed.
However, for persistent offenders or for more mature women such as yourself, it may be necessary to touch them in more intimate places.
I would very rarely use this method on a student who was not accustomed to it. However, sometimes the simplest and most direct way to give pleasure is also the most expedient.
Please do not be alarmed, Claire, but I will need to touch you in the most sensitive area I can.
Here, between your legs.
Oh my goodness!
You are very wet Claire.
Yes sir. Oh gosh, how embarrassing.
Describe to me how you are feeling now?
I feel... A lot of different feelings at once, it's overwhelming. I can't explain it.
Yes, all the pain, pleasure, and embarrassment you are feeling has completely overwhelmed your senses.
Your mind has been primed and you are ready to learn and to change your behaviour.
But sir, would you really touch a student like this?
Only if it was necessary to help them improve their behaviour.
But it seems so inappropriate. So... Sexual.
Under normal circumstances and in any other context, of course, it would be inappropriate to touch a student like this.
However, these are not normal circumstances Claire. These girls are in serious trouble.
You must remember that this school is the last chance for these girls. If they fail from here they will lose their chance of living a normal life.
We must do everything that we can to make them behave and study hard.
I would argue that in this context touching a student's genitals is entirely appropriate.
I understand your reasoning but surely it's always wrong for a teacher to touch their student's private parts.
Some of these young women aren't used to any kind of sexual contact. It would be too confusing for them.
I... I can't condone this.
Claire is clearly having her doubts. I worry that this may be a step too far for her.
I would prefer to convince her through words alone, however that may take weeks of discussion and we don't have that kind of time.
Fortunately, I have her lying naked across my lap. I can simply use my punishment methods to influence her thinking.
You doubt the effectiveness of my punishments?
No sir, I just feel that we shouldn't...
Ouch!
How are you feeling now Claire?
Oooh, my bottom is really hurting but the way you are touching me is making me feel good.
I... Oh gosh, I can't think clearly.
Claire is experiencing the effects of the pain, humiliation and pleasure. It's time to try to influence her thinking.