No, it's not right. I won't take my knickers off in front of a man!
Are you disobeying your headmaster? You really are a bad girl aren't you?
No sir, I'm a good girl! Please don't make me take my clothes off.
Normally, I would always expect a girl to comply with an order to remove her clothes herself and I would never resort to physically tearing clothes.
Having her clothing forcibly ripped from her should help to understand why she shouldn't do that to a student.
If you won't take off your knickers I shall do it for you.
Hey stop it!
This skirt is in the way.
No. Get off me.
Claire is protesting but she hasn't said the safe word so I still have her consent for now.
You won't be needing these anymore tonight young lady.
No stop!
Sir! Oh my God.
Red red!
You are using your safe word already?!
I... I'm sorry [cname]. I got scared.
That's OK Claire but you must understand that feeling afraid is an important part of this training. 
I'm sorry, can we start again?
No, not tonight. Get dressed and head home. The safe word has been used and the roleplay broken. We will try again tomorrow. Just try to see it through next time.
Yes [cname], I will. I'll do better next time.
There is no use disobeying my instructions young lady. You are at my mercy and I am not afraid to use force to make you comply.
Sir, please don't hurt me. You're scaring me.
You are here to be punished, girl. I am going to hurt you and you should be afraid of me.
Let's see if your bra is regulation too.
Hey!
Just as I suspected, more lace. You seriously think these are within regulations?
It's just a little bit of lace sir.
Just a little lace? This is a flagrant disregard for the uniform policy!
I can't see any reason for you to be wearing such provocative lingerie unless you were expecting these to be seen.
You are a slut aren't you?
No, I'm not sir.
These will have to come off too.
No, stop it, headmaster, what are you doing?!
Get your shirt and cardigan off girl so you can remove that non-regulation bra.
But sir, I'll be naked...
Do it, girl.
I.. I can't do that.
I think we'll need to get all these clothes out of the way. If you won't take them off I shall remove them by force.
No stop. Don't rip my clothes off!
Hey!
Turn around girl. Let's get this off of you.
Noooo!
Don't struggle girl you are only making things worse for yourself. If you took your clothes off as you had been told I wouldn't have to rip them.
Let's get this bra and tie off now too.
There, that is much better.
Red red!
You are using your safe word already?!
I... I'm sorry [cname]. I got scared.
Thats OK Claire but you must understand that feeling afraid is an important part of this training. 
I'm sorry, can we start again?