I've been trying to do things the wrong way and to make Claire afraid. Normally, I would expect the kind of rough treatment I've given her this evening would prevent a girl from gaining any pleasure from a punishment.
Pleasure, of course, is the crucial missing element in normal punishments. It is therefore essential that a girl feel safe otherwise they will not experience any enjoyment from your touch.
However, despite my best efforts to frighten her, Claire is clearly very aroused. I think she has enjoyed being treated this way.
Perhaps it is simply because she knows this is an act on my part and I would never really do her any harm.
Although I also suspect there is something more to it. There is some part of her that enjoys this treatment.
I don't believe she is a true masochist, not in the way that Amy is, for example. However, I do believe she enjoys being dominated.
That is fairly common in itself. What is very interesting is that she also seemed to get a similar thrill from being dominant over the students.
As a quiet and passive person in her day to day life, my guess is that she has a lot of bottled-up frustrations and emotions.
When finally given the opportunity to take a dominant role those emotions quickly boiled over and took control of her.
Hopefully, her rough treatment this evening will help her to understand that she cannot treat the students in the same way and she must keep her impulses and emotions in check.
I just hope this will be enough.
Perhaps I should also find a way for her to let out some of that pent up anger in a more controlled fashion.
Perhaps with a willing student who enjoys a little rough treatment.
This should be the last action I take. No going back from this. I don't think I've done enough yet to really make her understand what it's like to be mistreated.
I think Claire should have learned her lesson by now. It's time to end the role play.
First though, I should give her one last scare to make sure.
Oh my God! What are you doing?
You should have known it was always going to come to this, girl.
Sir please, I... I'm sorry, I'll behave better. I'll do whatever you want.
I want you to lay there while I fuck you, girl.
But Mr [surname], you're... You're too big.
Ah!
Tell me, are you frightened, girl?
Yes!
How does it feel to be completely at my mercy? How does it feel to have your most intimate places forcibly exposed, to have my cock pressing into you against your will?
It's scary sir.
Would you ever want to treat another person the way I have treated you this evening?
No sir! Never!
OK, good.
I'm so sorry to have treated you like this Claire. We can end the roleplay now.
What?! End it now?!
Yes Claire, I think you've learned your lesson.
But, I thought you were about to fuck me?
I want to but not like this. I only wanted you to think I was going to, to make certain you had learned your lesson.
I like you, Claire, and I'd like our first time to be under better circumstances.
Really?
Yes.
You... You don't have to stop.
That's OK, Claire. This was all just roleplay. I wouldn't want to really take advantage of you by making you have sex with me.
But you're already inside of me.
Just the tip.
I'm pretty sure that still counts.
Listen, I just want you to know that I don't believe anything I said this evening about you or women in general. That was a very difficult role for me to play.
I hope that you can forgive me and that this has all been worthwhile.
I forgive you.
Now shut up and fuck me, [name].
Whoa.
Oh God! You're so fucking big.
OK Claire. If this is what you really want.
Ahhhh! Ow!