I'm sorry I stayed up late again last night.
What were you doing? Didn't you masturbate to help yourself feel sleepy.
I was masturbating but I was also looking at naughty things on my computer.
I'd never seen stuff like that before and I guess I just got a bit caught up in it.
I see. Well, there is nothing wrong with pornography Rachel but everything needs to be enjoyed in moderation.
I know. I'm sorry, I promise I won't do that again!
Not after this morning. Gosh, that was so embarrassing! I'll never fall asleep in public like that again!
I believe you, Rachel. Unfortunately, though you do still need to be punished.
Yes sir. I understand.
Don't worry though, you've made such good progress with your special homework and you've done such a good job as my trainee.
I've been thinking about a reward for you.
Really?!
Take your punishment well and I'll tell you what it is.
OK!
First though, get some rest. You'll need your strength for later.
Yes sir. Can I take the rest of my clothes off and sleep on your lap again, Mr [surname]?
Of course you can dear. Whatever makes you feel the most comfortable.
Thank you, sir. I'm sooo sleepy.
You spend the afternoon doing paperwork while Rachel sleeps on your lap.
Wake up now Rachel. It's time for your punishment.
*Yawn* Yes sir.
Miss Newman might find it a little odd to find you already with no clothes on. You'd best put some on.
OK.
Come in.
Good afternoon sir, shall we get down to Rachel's punishment?
Yes Sally, let's begin.
An email from Mr Mykock.
Very interesting. Mr Mykock mentioned that the school was owned by a wealthy consortium. It sounds like they are looking to add new members to their group.
I wonder just how many companies or individuals have a stake in this school.
I'll need to make Mr Mykock and his guests see everything running smoothly. Then I'll need to put on a good dinner party afterwards.
He requested one of the students guide the visitors around. Who to pick though?
The obvious choice would be someone smart and well behaved. Perhaps Priti or maybe Lucy.
However, those girls are also quite shy and nervous.
It might be better to find a girl who was more confident. Someone who wasn't afraid to be flirtatious even.
Also, I am not as far along with controlling the girls as I would like.
I may need the girl to subtly manipulate whoever is visiting into believing that I have more control here than I do.
That would take someone shrewd and cunning. Someone with low moral standards.
It's a much riskier option but I could ask Cassandra.
She wants to marry a wealthy man someday and this is her chance to meet some and practice mingling with high society.
If she does a good job perhaps I could make use of Cassandra regularly for this kind of role.
Who's to say this will be the last time I need to entertain visitors to the school.
As the headmaster, I may be expected to host a number of guests for tours, dinner parties or even fundraisers.
A girl trained to be the perfect hostess would be of great use to me.
She could ensure the guests are entertained and that the other girls are organised and well presented.
Cassandra'a questline will start here although the questlog has not been added yet for the current game version.
It looks like Cassandra has listened to my advice to start smiling a little more.
Smile, smile, smile. Gotta smile.
Let's hope that being outwardly more positive will start to subconsciously improve her inner character.
Who is she smiling at?
There's no one behind me.