Good, I'm glad it worked out.
Plus that was some of the best sex I've ever had. I feel pretty good right now despite the harsh treatment.
Yes, a large dose of pleasure does a lot to counteract the negative emotions that normally go along with a punishment.
I'll say.
You're actually quite the stud, aren't you [cname]?
Thanks.
Oh and um... About those pictures you took.
I didn't really take any pictures of you Claire, that was just part of the act.
Oh good. I thought that must have been the case.
I did take pictures, I think they'll make a fine addition to my collection.
Well, it's getting late we should probably call it a night.
Yes, true. We have school in the morning.
I will let you know when I am ready to start the next phase of your training.
Great, I look forward to it.
Well done, you have earned a point of influence with Claire and she will vote for even more of your proposals at the school board.
OK stand back up girl.
Ow! Stop hurting me.
Damn it, I messed up. I need to increase her feeling of submission before doing things which make her afraid.
Rachel has left her window open and it looks like she's waiting patiently for me to arrive.
She sure is quite adorable. I've really enjoyed having her follow me around as my trainee.
I think she's nearly ready for a promotion to her new role as the headmaster's pet.
First though, she needs to learn to stop staying up late. Teaching her to masturbate and orgasm will certainly help her get to sleep.
Obviously, I'm doing this to help her with her studies but I also have a feeling that I'm going to rather enjoy myself this evening.
Psst... Rachel.
Headmaster! You came.
Of course.
Hehe, you look very silly right now. A grown man sneaking around the girl's dorms in your suit. Anyone would think you're some kind of crazy pervert.
Um...
Quick get inside before someone sees you.
Oh goodness. I can't believe this is really happening.
Are you feeling OK Rachel?
Yes sir. I'm just very nervous. I've never had a boy in my room before.
I'm hardly a boy Rachel.
A man then. You know what I mean. It feels so naughty!
Yes, we are breaking a few rules this evening by my being here.
However, it is the only way I can think of to help you.
So um... Do you know a special way to make girls orgasm?
Is there a special spot you have to touch? Like you did with Priti in class?
There is no magic spot that you can touch on every girl that is guaranteed to make them orgasm.
Sure, there are some highly sensitive areas like the clitoris that should be focused on.
However, every woman is different and it is all about discovering what works best for the individual.
We shall try a number of particularly reliable techniques and hopefully we will find one that works for you.
Wow. Cool. So should we get started? Should I pull my pants down now?
Should I lie down on the bed on my back or my front?
Do you need to...
Slow down there Rachel. Just hold on a second.
Oh sorry. I'm just a bit over-excited.
Please understand that masturbation alone won't be enough. Even when carried out by someone highly skilled such as myself.
Women are much more likely to achieve an orgasm with a partner when they experience feelings of romance and intimacy.
Before I begin pleasuring you, we'll need to get you into the right frame of mind.