What?! But you can see I've got nothing on me, I'm naked.
You have nothing on your person but what about within? I'll need to perform a full cavity search.
A cavity search?! What do you think I'm hiding?!
Drugs perhaps. There is only one way to find out for certain.
Reach back and spread your cheeks girl and try to stay relaxed. This will be much easier for you that way.
Oh God. This is too humiliating.
Let's take a good look in here, shall we?
I can't see anything but I'll need to push a finger in to check.
Hmmmm... Nothing is hidden in your vagina.
Let's check your anus as well.
Oh my goodness!
I'll need to check right up there.
Ooooh!
Ok, it seems you aren't hiding anything.
Of course I'm not!
I'll just clean my hands off with some wet wipes and we can move on.
OK stand back up girl.
Ow! Stop hurting me.
There is nothing like pulling out a massive rock hard penis to make a girl feel a little fear.
Wait, what are you doing?!
Quiet girl.
Are you?
Oh my God! Mr [surname]!
Red red!
You are using your safe word already?!
I... I'm sorry [cname]. I just imagined what it would be like for one of the girls seeing that monster penis shoved in their faces.
It's very intimidating and I got a little too scared.
That's OK Claire but you must understand that feeling afraid is an important part of this training. 
I'm sorry, can we start again?
No, not tonight. The safe word has been used and the roleplay broken. Get dressed and head home. We will try again tomorrow. Just try to see it through next time.
Yes [cname], I will. I'll do better next time.
Take a good look girl.
No, I don't want to.
Take a look...
...and see what you've done.
You're, you're hard...
It's time you learned the consequences for your slutty and provocative behaviour.
But I... I haven't done anything wrong.
Um... What are..
Uh! Ew gross, what are you doing?!
Teaching you your place whore.
Uggh! Stop, that's disgusting!
There is nothing quite like slapping a girl across her face with your penis to cause some humiliation. I shall be certain to use this technique with the students at some stage.
I'm not sure that Sally is quite ready for me to pull my dick out during one of the girls' punishments. I'll need to have a pretty compelling argument for doing so.
Uh!
Don't pretend you're not enjoying this, slut.
I'm not sir! Please don't do that.
Uh gross!
You have shown me nothing but disrespect this evening young lady. I think it's time you made up for that.
Demonstrate to me that you know and understand your place at this school.