She must be smiling at me.
Oh, um... Hi Cassandra.
Fuck off runt.
Huh?
I ain't smiling at you.
Oh... Sorry, I thought...
Get the fuck out of here!
Eeeek!
I guess she has a long way still to go.
Don't be mean to the other girls Cassandra. No one likes a bully.
You want to find that prince charming you'll need to start practising being more likeable.
What?! You sayin' I need to smile AND be nice to people?!
Yes.
Fuck sake.
You don't need to mean it. Courtesy and kind words cost nothing but can get you everything.
You're also going to need to work on your diction and that colourful language young lady.
Ain't nothin' wrong with the way I talk.
There is nothing wrong with the way I talk.
That's what I said.
Hmmm... Transforming Cassandra into a charming and elegant hostess for the school is going to take a lot of work.
Fortunately I enjoy a challenge.
Unfortunately thats as far as you can go with Cassandra for now as this update was focussed on Rachel and Claire. More content for her will be added in the next release.
You arrive at class to find some of the girls gathered around Rachel's desk.
What the hell is with those ears and collar? That's not proper uniform.
The headmaster said I could wear these whenever I want.
What! Why?
She's a teachers pet, that's why.
Actually, I'm the headmasters Personal Executive Trainee.
Really?
You're a brown-noser is what you are. Sucking up to the headmaster. We've seen you carrying his bag around.
Cassandra don't be rude to Rachel.
She is working for me as my trainee and as such she should be given the same amount of respect as one of my staff members.
Really?
Yes. Anyone giving trouble to my p... I mean, my trainee will be severely punished.
Oh wow.
What?! So, like, Rachel gets special treatment?
Yes, she does.
That's not fair! You can't play favourites, teachers are supposed to be, like, impartial.
That is conventional teaching wisdom. However, I happen to have an opposing view on this particular issue.
I believe that showing favouritism to a particular student can help motivate the rest to behave.
For that reason, all girls who work for me directly will be given special privileges and protection. You should remember that.
OK girls, enough chatting let's get the lessons started.
Rachel, you come sit at the front of the class with me. You can have my teacher's chair.
Oh, OK. Thanks.
Are you comfortable there? Do you need a cushion? How about something to drink?
No sir, this is very comfy. Thank you.
Excellent. Such a good girl.
You teach the girls history and everyone pays attention. Grades +2.
Rachel looks especially bright and alert today.
I'm so glad Rachel has learned to get a good nights sleep now. Still though, she could slip back to her old ways any time. It's important to keep up with her punishments.