It would have damaged both of our professional reputations.
I got caught up in the moment. I'm sorry sir.
Good. The first step is to clearly explain the reason for the punishment and to make sure the student understands.
Yes sir. I lost control of myself and I must be punished.
Good. Stand up.
Yes sir.
This evening I am going to spank you, Claire, and it is going to be painful.
The pain will hopefully dissuade you from carrying out your bad behaviour again.
Hands up above your head.
Yes sir.
However, as we learnt in our previous sessions a good punishment also contains an element of embarrassment.
This is to help you remember the lesson long after the pain in your bottom has been forgotten.
Yes sir. I understand.
I will therefore now lower your pyjama bottoms to expose your vagina.
Oh gosh...
For some added embarrassment I shall also raise your top to expose your breasts.
Oh my goodness.
With your body shamefully exposed your senses are heightened and your mind is now primed and ready for your lesson.
Before I begin your spanking though, there is one more very important thing I want to demonstrate to you.
You remember before when I made you hold those books to your side?
How the shame you felt made your body highly sensitive to my slightest touch?
I remember. It was like electricity running through my whole body.
As I explained before, touching a student in such a way helps to reinforce their feelings of submission.
It lets them know that no part of them is protected and they are completely under your control.
But there is much more to it than that. It has another very important effect as I would like to demonstrate.
I am going to touch you again, Claire, only this time in even more sensitive areas.
Do you consent to this?
Yes sir.
Please...
I shall gently touch your breasts.
Mmmmm....
Your inner thigh.
Oh gosh...
Between your legs.
Oh sir...
Tell me how you feel Claire?
I... I can't think... My head is swimming.
Does it feel good when I touch you here?
Oh God, yes...
Ouch!
Notice how the sudden change in sensation makes a light smack to the bottom seem so much more shocking.
Yes it is, it's like being snapped out of a dream.
Every touch feels so intense.
Indeed. You see, Claire, the true secret to a successful punishment is to give the student pleasure along with the pain.
Pleasure and pain are intrinsically connected. A punishment with only one is like a piano piece played with only the white keys.
To truly influence someone's behaviour you must learn to use both.
You must take the student on a journey through the senses. The highs and the lows.
Tonight, Claire, I am going to take you on such a journey so that you understand for yourself.
Yes sir.
The punishment you are about to receive will be a thousand times more effective than a simple spanking alone.