However, if at any point you increase her Fear above her Submission she will say her safe word and you'll have to try again another night.
Increase her Submission by taking actions you would normally use in a punishment indicated by blue choices.
Increase her Fear by taking more forceful actions and behaving inappropriately (even by your standards) indicated by red choices. You do not have to click every red option to complete the punishment (it may be easier not to).
You are in a lot of trouble young lady. Once again I am forced to work late to deal with a naughty student.
What am I in trouble for, sir?
You are a bad girl and you must be punished.
I'm a good girl, sir, honestly, I haven't done anything wrong.
A good girl?! Ha! You're a slut is what you are.
What?!
I've had so many girls like you in my office. Claiming to be good girls when they are nothing of the sort.
I've seen the way you behave around the school. Always teasing the male teachers.
What? That's not true.
Waggling your hips and pushing out your chest; desperate for male attention and approval.
I... I don't do that!
You are a whore who needs to be punished.
No I'm not!
Claire needs to know that I am serious. A light slap across the face should make that clear to her.
Don't you dare talk back to me.
Ouch!
Ow! What the hell! Red, red!
You are using the safe word already?!
You slapped me across the face!
I told you I was going to have to get a little rough with you.
I...
Yes, I suppose you're right. That wasn't even a hard slap at all. You just caught me by surprise, I wasn't expecting it.
I'm sorry. I... I shouldn't have used the safe word so soon.
Can we start over?
Not now, the roleplay has been broken. The safe word used. Let us call it a night, Claire. We'll just have to try again tomorrow.
Oh, OK. I'm sorry, I'll go now then.
Good night.
Headmaster, you... You can't hit me like that!
Ow!
You are at my mercy girl. You don't get to tell me what I can and cannot do.
That skirt is clearly not regulation length.
Yes it is sir.
It's at least two inches too short.
No sir! This is a normal skirt, they are all really short.
Hoping to flash your knickers at all the boys were you?
No sir!
Since you are so desperate for me to see your underwear let's have that skirt up.
Lift my skirt up?!
Chop chop girl. Show me your knickers. I need to check they are within regulations.
But sir, I...
Hey!
What is this?
They are regulating white knickers, sir.
Regulation? With all that lace?! I hardly think so.
I'm going to have to confiscate those. Hand them over.
What? You can't do that
Rules are rules, young lady.