I think it's nearly time to give her a promotion to a new role as my pet so she can help me to relax and de-stress after a hard day of punishing so many naughty girls.
First though, she'll need a big dose of pain, pleasure and humiliation so she will accept the position.
Sally and I can take care of that in my office after school.
Good afternoon Rachel, how are you feeling?
I'm very sleepy.
You poor thing. Why don't you put your cat ears on and come sit on my lap? You can rest here this afternoon.
Thank you, sir! I'll just get my clothes off.
Thanks for letting me rest on your lap Mr [surname].
That's OK. You've got a big punishment coming up later and I want you fully awake for it so the lesson sinks in.
Oh right, yeah.
I'm sorry I stayed up late again last night.
What were you doing? Didn't you masturbate to help yourself feel sleepy?
I was masturbating but I was also looking at naughty things on my computer.
I'd never seen stuff like that before and I guess I just got a bit caught up in it.
I see. Well, there is nothing wrong with pornography, Rachel, but everything needs to be enjoyed in moderation.
I know. I'm sorry, I'll never fall asleep in public like that again!
I believe you, Rachel. Unfortunately, though you do still need to be punished.
Yes sir. I understand.
Don't worry though, you've made such good progress with your special homework and you've done such a good job as my trainee.
I've been thinking about a reward for you.
Really?!
Take your punishment well and I'll tell you what it is.
OK!
First though, get some rest. You'll need your strength for later.
Good afternoon Rachel, how's your bottom?
It's getting really sore actually. Do you mind taking the butt plug out now, please?.
OK dear. It's been in there quite a while already. I wouldn't want to cause you any real harm.
Take off your skirt and knickers and sit up on my desk. I'll take it out for you.
Thank you so much, sir.
OK Rachel, lay back please. Hold your legs up for me.
Yes sir.
Alright, let's see if we can get this out for you.
Here goes.
Ow!
Oh wow, that is firmly in there.
Rachel's anus is very tight. My cock is not going to fit up there any time soon.
After feeling how tight her pussy is I don't think there is much chance of me having vaginal sex with her at the moment either.
If Rachel is going to be my pet it would be nice to be able to have sex with her. We'll need to get her little holes stretched out first
I should look into getting her a small dildo she can practice with until she's comfortable with it and we can move onto something larger.
Nearly got it.
Ouch.
There we go.
Oooooh gosh. Thank you sir. That was getting very uncomfortable.
I'm sorry dear but at least you stayed awake through class.
I suppose so.
I think I might be too tired to carry your bags today, sir.
That's OK Rachel. I'll tell you what. I'll work in my office this afternoon and you can sleep here.
Really?! Yes please. That's nice of you, sir.
Well, you've got a big punishment coming up later and I want you fully awake for it so the lesson sinks in.
Oh right, yeah.