Huh... Where am I?
Having a nice dream Rachel?
What's going on?!
You were masturbating in your sleep sweetheart.
Ahhhhhhh!!!!!
It looks like you just gave yourself an orgasm. Quite a big one from the sound of it.
And you were all standing there watching?!
Yup. We saw everything. We heard you call out \"oooh headmaster\" as well. Does someone have a little crush on their teacher?
Laughter
EEEEEEEEK!
Aw, that's so cute. Look how red she's gone.
Oh my God, this is the most embarrassing thing ever!
Were you up all night playing games again Rachel?
Um... Something like that...
I'm afraid I must punish you for falling asleep and missing the start of lessons. Sally and I will have to spank you after school today.
Yes sir.
Shouldn't she get a quick spanking now as well though? A sore bottom all day might stop her falling asleep during lessons.
True. I like the way you think, Sally.
Samantha and Izzy, you'd better get going. Sally and I will take care of Rachel's punishment.
Yes sir. See you later.
So should you spank her or should I?
Actually Sally classes have started and we don't really have the time. Perhaps there is another way we can make sure she stays awake.
Some other way to give her a sore bottom perhaps?
Err... You could give her something uncomfortable to sit on?
Good idea. I have just the thing.
What's that, sir.
Well, Rachel needs a sore bottom to keep her awake but we don't have time to give her a proper spanking now.
Plus if we are going to spank her this evening it would be better to avoid doing it now if we can.
Instead I suggest we simply insert this into her anus.
Is that a butt plug?!
Why are you carrying that around.
I realise this is unconventional but as you know I am always looking for ways to give punishments without having to resort to actually beatings.
I feel that something as simple as this common sex toy could be repurposed into something useful in an academic setting.
I guess it would have a similar effect and it would be better not to hit her.
Good. We are in agreement.
Alight Rachel, get up on your knees and present your bottom.
Oh dear.
I'll let you do the honours this time, Sally.
Err... OK, I guess.
Have you inserted a butt plug before Sally.
Yeah, I have.
Good.
let me just get some spit on it.
And I'll need to get some on her anus.
Oh gosh...
OK, in it goes.
Oooooffff.
She's got a very tight little butt hole, sir.
Try to relax Rachel, it will hurt less.
Yaaaah!