No, not tonight. The safe word has been used and the roleplay broken. Get dressed and head home. We will try again tomorrow. Just try to see it through next time.
Yes [cname], I will. I'll do better next time.
Sir, please let me put my clothes back on.
When I'm done with you girl. You can have what is left of your clothes back but I'm afraid your punishment hasn't even started yet.
Now stand back up, hands on your head.
But sir...
You must adopt the proper position.
Please Mr [surname].
I said...
Stand up!
No stop, you're hurting me!
Put your hands on your head!
Uh!
Put your feet.
Apart!
Oh my goodness.
There much better.
Claire still hasn't used her safe word and is doing well at staying in character. I don't think she's learnt her lesson yet though and I'll need to take things a lot further if I'm going to teach her how it feels to be the victim of an abusing disciplinarian.
I should use some of my usual punishment techniques to cause pain, humiliation and pleasure. That should lower her mental defences making her more submissive. Hopefully, then she won't use her safeword before she has learnt her lesson.
You've got nice tits girl.
What??!
Big and firm.
You shouldn't be talking about my breasts like that, sir.
I bet you enjoy showing these off to the boys don't you, slut?
No I...
What are you doing?!
Shhhh...
Sir, that's not appropriate!
It turns you on to be exposed like this doesn't it?
N...No sir.
Don't lie to me.
I'm not lying...
Ow!
Tell me truthfully.
You're... You're hurting me. My nipples are very sensitive.
You love pushing out your chest at every opportunity. You desperately crave the attention.
No I...
Ow!
OK, yes.
I do like it when men look at my body.
Ah ha! So we finally start to get to the truth of your nature, whore.
Normally, I would always treat the sensitive skin of a woman's breasts with great care. Claire will need to learn through experience why that is the case.
Ow! Jesus Christ!
Red red!
You are using your safe word already?!
You... You hit my breasts!
I told you I was going to have to get a little rough with you.
I... I guess you're right, it was that painful just a little shocking. I got scared.
That's OK Claire but you must understand that feeling afraid is an important part of this training. 
I'm sorry, can we start again?