I'll text Samantha and ask her to meet me here to discuss something. I'll wait around the corner now though in case anyone else comes along.
A minute later.
Hey Sally, isn't that one of the students on the sofa over there?
Yeah it is, what on earth is she doing?
I don't know but it looks like she's masturbating.
We'd better take a look.
Sally and Izzy arrived before Samantha did. I wonder how they will react to finding Rachel in such a compromising situation.
You're right she is masturbating.
Rachel!
She's fast asleep.
She must have dozed off and then started touching herself in her sleep.
Oh my God, the poor girl. That is sooo embarrassing.
I wouldn't feel too sorry for her, it's partly her fault for staying up playing video games all the time.
Oh, it's that girl. The petite girl you told me about?
That's right, I've had to spank her quite a few times for falling asleep in class.
I remember you telling me. You're right about her being very cute.
I bet you enjoy spanking her.
So what if I do?
Hmmm... I wonder how much Izzy knows about what Sally and I have been getting up to in my office with the girls.
She seems to be well aware that Sally enjoys giving spankings.
What are we going to do with her?
We'll have to wake her up.
The poor thing, she'll be mortified.
Good. She needs to be embarrassed. The headmaster says that embarrassment is the best way to stop a student repeating bad behaviours.
In fact, we should make sure she is as embarrassed as possible. I'm going to text the headmaster and tell him to come here.
Really?! You think it's OK to let him see a student like this?
Sure. If it embarrasses them and helps correct their behaviour then I think it's fine.
If you say so, Sally. You're the one in charge of discipline.
I'm glad to see Sally has been taking my lessons to heart and her first response on finding a student misbehaving is to contact me.
She really is a very good employee.
Hey sir, you messaged and asked to meet me here?
Oh, hey Samantha, yes I did.
What was it about?
Nothing important, I just got a text from Sally about a disciplinary matter, let's go check that out instead.
Oh, OK.
Oh my goodness! Is she masturbating in her sleep?!
Yes, we found her like this just a minute ago.
Shouldn't we wake her up?
Yes, but I thought it best the headmaster saw this himself. We want her to feel embarrassed when she wakes up so she won't fall asleep before class again.
That is some excellent thinking, Sally. As you know embarrassment is one of the best ways to correct students' behaviour.
Ooooh... Headmaster...
Sounds like she's dreaming about you, sir.
Could be, many young women are attracted to men in positions of authority. It is an occupational hazard, unfortunately.
Ah...
I think she's about to um... You know. Should we stop her?
No, let her finish. All the more embarrassment for her when she wakes up.
Mmmmm....
Ahhhh...
Oh wow, I don't think I've ever orgasmed in my sleep before. I didn't know that was possible.
Sure it is. I'm pretty sure it's happened to me before.