Hello sir, one of the students, Priti, is waiting outside for punishment. Shall I send her in?
Yes, thank you Samantha.
Hello Priti.
Hello Mr [surname].
Well done today, Priti. I know I shouldn't be praising you for breaking the rules but I'm proud of you.
You've taken a big step towards being a more rounded individual and living a more fulfilled life.
Does this mean we can skip the spanking?
No, I'm afraid not. Learning to deal with the consequences of breaking the rules is an important part of your therapy.
You cannot live in fear of what will happen if you show disobedience. As you grow accustomed to being punished, you'll learn that it isn't the end of the world to be a little naughty every now and again.
Take your spanking and think about how brave you were for breaking the rules, even knowing what would happen to you.
I was pretty brave, wasn't I?
Yes Priti. You were. With enough practice you'll be brave enough to stand up to anyone, even your mother.
Hello Priti, well done again today. Keep this up and you'll be brave and independent in no time at all.
Sadly though, you do still need to be punished.
Priti, for misbehaving I sentence you to...
A private spanking to be carried out here in my office. I have sent for Miss Newman. She should be here any moment.
Knock knock
Hello Miss Newman. Priti here decided to throw paper at me in class today and so I will be giving her a spanking. Please stay here as my witness.
No problem sir, I'll keep out of your way.
OK Priti, you know the drill. Clothes off, young lady.
Yes sir.
You need to take your shirt off as well, Priti.
OK, Priti. Please lay yourself across my lap.
Oh goodness.
OK Priti, here goes.
A public punishment. I'm afraid you must be made an example of to the other girls.
Today you will be cleaning the school grounds.
In accordance with the schools rules, please strip down to your underwear. I will then write the schools initials on your chest with a non-permanent marker.
Oh gosh.
Hopefully the shame you feel will encourage you to try harder in class in the future.
Go ahead and strip, young lady.
Yes sir.
Good girl. Now to write the school's initials on your chest.
There. Perfect. You can go now young lady.
The floor in the sports centre was looking a little dirty. I suggest you grab a broom and get sweeping.
Yes sir.
Priti spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
She was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends and she was embarrassed to be walking around in her underwear with a rude word written across her chest. The other girls all saw her and were keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +3.
In accordance with the schools rules, please change into this t-shirt emblazoned with the schools initials.
I don't suppose I can go change somewhere?
You can change right here, young lady.
Yes sir.
Good girl, Priti. You can go now.
The floor in the sports centre was looking a little dirty. I suggest you grab a broom and get sweeping.
Yes sir.
Prit spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.
She was upset to miss out on spending time with her friends and she was embarrassed to be walking around with a rude word written across her chest. Some of the other girls noticed her and were keen to avoid the same fate. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
The floor in the sports centre was looking a little dirty. I suggest you grab a broom and get sweeping.
Yes sir.
Priti spent the evening cleaning the school grounds.