So you say but I will need to check.
Look see, I've got no knickers on.
Hmmm... OK then I guess you were telling the truth.
OK run along now Alice. Don't let me catch you in these again.
You caught a girl breaking the uniform policy and confiscated her underwear. Discipline +1.
Go and change your underwear. You're lucky the school's rules are still so lenient and I can't confiscate them off you now.
You caught a girl breaking the uniform policy and told her to go and change. Discipline +1.
Be seeing you Alice.
Bye sir.
Girls chat here
Girls chat here
Shall I spend the afternoon patrolling the halls?
Wednesday Evening
It's too late in the day to be doing paperwork.
Hmmmm... There seems to be a code on the door. I can't open it.
No doubt this was Ruth's idea.
Good evening Izzy.
Good evening sir.
Well, nice to meet you Izzy. I'll see you around I'm sure.
The pool is still under construction. I should check back in a few days.
The swimming pool seems to still be under construction. I'll need to save up to repair it.
Good evening girls.
Good evening sir.
Are you joining the sports lesson?
No sir, we just had a class with Miss Newman. We need to head to maths class now.
No problem girls, don't let me keep you.
Its too late to teach a class.
Girls chat here.
Girls chat here
Its late and the classroom is empty.
Its late and the classroom is empty.
Its late and the classroom is empty.
Stop there please. Men are not allowed to enter the bedroom area.
Right, yes. Of course.
Should I sneak around back and check up the girls behaviour?
{i}Oh it's the twins.{/i}
Good evening you two.
Good evening headmaster.
What show are you watching?
We're not watching a TV show. We're just watching cat videos on the internet.
Huh, kids these days. Well don't let me keep you.
Good night Mr [surname].
It's late. I should head home to bed.
A girl is expecting to be punished in your office. Do you want to skip to the punishment or skip to the next day (this will cancel the punishment)?
[weekday] Morning
Shall I spend the morning catching up on paperwork?
Hmmmm... There seems to be a code on the door. I can't open it.
No doubt this was Ruth's idea.
Good morning Izzy.
Good morning sir.