This is where the staff live. It's school hours so they'll all be at work. I should come back here another time.
Spend the afternoon teaching a class?
Good afternoon Lucy.
Hello Lucy.
Oh, hi.
Are you still coming to clean my house tomorrow?
No sir. I'm not.
Why?
Well, firstly you you make me wear a stupid maid costume.
Then you exposed your penis to me.
Then you spanked me on my bare bottom for a minor accident.
Then you gave me an insultingly small tip afterwards!
I need money but I'm not that desperate. Find some other girl to clean your house and be a jerk to.
Sorry Lucy. Is there anyway to make it up to you?
Give me five hundred credits and I'll think about coming back to clean your house.
OK Lucy, here take the money and I apologise for my behaviour.
OK sir. Apology accepted I shall come back to your house tomorrow.
OK Lucy, see you then.
500 Credits! You've got to be joking?!
No. I'm not. You can forget about me cleaning your house anymore.
Now if you'll excuse me I'm busy getting ready for class.
Hello headmaster.
Still planning to come and clean my house tomorrow?
Yes sir. I really do want to start saving money.
No problem. I'll start thinking about any other tasks you can do for me as well.
Thank you sir! I'll see you tomorrow morning at your house.
Oh, hi.
I'm sorry Lucy about last weekend. I hope you'll still come to clean my house tomorrow.
I will sir. I need the money but please no funny business this time.
You have my word.
Good. I'll see you tomorrow then.
Hi headmaster.
Errm, so I still have a bit of a problem that I was hoping to speak to you about in private.
Of course Lucy. I hope that you can trust me enough to tell me about your problems.
You are welcome to come see me in my office anytime you like.
Thank you sir. I will.
So Lucy, you are aware of the new uniform policy?
Yes sir. I read the bulletin.
Good. I would expect nothing less from a hard working and diligent student such as yourself.
So I guess you want me to lift up my skirt?
Indeed.
This seems really inappropriate, sir. Can you at least have one of the female teachers check our underwear?
It is my duty here to enforce discipline. I would never delegate such an important responsibility.
Now come on Lucy. I'm a busy man. Lift that skirt up.
Fine.
Is that enough? Can I put my skirt back down now please?
One moment please young lady. You cannot rush a proper inspection.
Ah yes. Excellent, I'm glad to see you are obeying the rules.
You are free to go now.
See you later Lucy