See you later Lucy.
Girls chat here
Shall I spend the afternoon patrolling the halls?
Friday Evening
It's too late in the day to be doing paperwork.
Hmmmm... There seems to be a code on the door. I can't open it.
No doubt this was Ruth's idea.
Good evening Izzy.
Good evening sir.
Well, nice to meet you Izzy. I'll see you around I'm sure.
I should get changed before heading into the gym.
The pool is still under construction. I should check back in a few days.
The swimming pool seems to still be under construction. I'll need to save up to repair it.
Good evening girls.
Good evening sir.
Are you joining the sports lesson?
No sir, we just had a class with Miss Newman. We need to head to maths class now.
No problem girls, don't let me keep you.
Its too late to teach a class.
Girls chat here.
Girls chat here
Its late and the classroom is empty.
Its late and the classroom is empty.
Its late and the classroom is empty.
Good evening headmaster I'm Maria Consuelo. I'm in charge of overnight security.
Nice to meet you Maria.
How are the girls behaving themselves this evening?
Well, they've just been arguing over which film to watch for quite a while and it's getting quite annoying.
Maybe you could help them decide sir?
OK Maria, I'll go speak with them.
Stop there please. Men are not allowed to enter the bedroom area.
Right, yes. Of course.
Should I sneak around back and check up the girls behaviour?
{i}Oh it's the twins.{/i}
Good evening you two.
Good evening headmaster.
What show are you watching?
We're not watching a TV show. We're just watching cat videos on the internet.
Huh, kids these days. Well don't let me keep you.
Good night Mr [surname].
It's late. I should head home to bed.
A girl is expecting to be punished in your office. Do you want to skip to the punishment or skip to the next day (this will cancel the punishment)?
[weekday] Morning
You've received your weekly salary from Mr Mykock. 500 credits have been added to your account.
You have to pay the wages of the school lab technician Anna Dixon. 100 credits are transferred from your account.
It's the weekend. I don't want to do any paperwork.
Hmmmm... There seems to be a code on the door. I can't open it.
No doubt this was Ruth's idea.
Good morning Izzy.
Good morning sir.