That's easy for you to say! Just because you're smart and don't get in trouble.
Little miss perfect doesn't care what happens to the rest of us.
I do care if the headmaster is abusing his power!
As student president I look out for all my fellow classmates!
You might be student president Maxine but I'm the one in charge around here.
You better try everything you can to change the headmaster's mind!
I think if you knew how it felt you might try harder.
What do you think girls? Should we teach her a lesson?
Wait no!
Good idea Debbie. She thinks she's better than the rest of us.
Let's teach this stupid bitch a lesson.
No.
Cass, April. Grab her arms.
Let me go!
Bend her over the desk.
Oooooff, seriously Debbie knock it off.
I think this skirt is in the way, don't you? We'd best take this off.
No stop!
So it seems the student president doesn't have as much influence as I feared.
It seems like Debbie and some of the other girls are bullying her into doing their bidding.
Should I intervene or wait and see what happens?
What's going on here girls?
Nothing sir. Just messing around.
It doesn't look like nothing. Are you OK Maxine?
Yes sir. Everything is fine sir. We were just messing.
Well, if you say so Maxine.
None of you girls should be in here though. Give Maxine her skirt back and you had best all be on your way.
Not you Maxine. You stay there I want to talk to you.
What can I do for you sir?
Don't let the other girls bully you Maxine.
I don't know what you mean.
I heard what happened. If the other girls are threatening you then you should tell me.
I may be a tough disciplinarian but I am not heartless.
I genuinely have the interests of my students at heart.
Thank you sir. I will bear that in mind. Can I go now?
Yes Maxine. See you later.
No! Stop it Debbie!
Not a chance. You stuck up bitch.
I think those knickers will need to come down too.
No!
Oh my Maxine, you are so pale. Would you look at that pasty little butt?
I think you could do with a little colour in those cheeks.
Debbie stop it. Let me go please.
Not a chance.
I'm going to give you a spanking just like the rest of us have been getting.
Ow!
You'd better do whatever you have to do to change the headmaster's mind.
Otherwise we're just going have to keep spanking you.
Debbie, stop it you're going too far!
No Maxine, I'm just getting started. You know the headmaster does more than just spank us.