Good game girls, we'll have another practice match again soon after a few more training sessions.
When I was at school we would play 'shirts and skins'.
One team would keep their shirts on and one team would be shirtless.
Well I can see how that would work for boys but we can't do that.
Why? You have your bras on. It's no different to wearing your swimsuit at the pool.
Hmmmm... No, I don't think we're comfortable taking our shirts of in front of you sir.
Well then, you'll just have to manage as you are.
When I was at school we would play 'shirts and skins'.
One team would keep their shirts on and one team would be shirtless.
Well I can see how that would work for boys but we can't do that.
Why? You have your bras on. It's no different to wearing your swimsuit at the pool.
I suppose you're right sir. I guess that would work.
OK then. We'll toss a coin. Winner decides which team is shirtless.
Charlotte I'll let you make the call.
You pull a coin from your pocket and toss it in the air.
Heads
Heads it is. So which team takes off their top Charlotte?
Their team can do it.
OK. Whoever is not on Charlotte's team needs to take off their shirt.
Unfortunately Rachel is on Charlotte's team. I'll need to make them switch around which team is shirtless. I'll organise another practice game after the next few lessons.
Oh, what?! That's not fair.
The old pervert just wants to see us in our bras.
Look do you want to play a match or not? We can just spend the next hour running laps around the gymnasium.
No we want to play. Come on girls.
It's not that big of a deal really.
I'll bet we'll win even with our shirts off.
It's a good thing I wore a bra today.
OK girls, are we ready to play?
Girls" "Yes sir.
Girls" "
You spend the rest of the session playing a practice game.
The girls seem to get really competitive and it was a close match.
Charlotte was right, the girls had less trouble telling the twins apart this time.
Louise hit a terrific volley into the top left corner.
The team with their shirts on eventually win the game.
Good game girls, we'll have another practice match again soon after a few more training sessions.
OK girls for this session I think we should play another practice game.
If the same team as last time wants to take off their shirts again then we can begin.
Sir. I don't think it's fair the same team has to be shirtless every time. We should switch round this time.
Great, this is my opportunity to make Rachel take her top off in front of the other girls.
I'll need to watch her reactions carefully and test my theory that she suffers from acute body envy.
No April. Charlotte's team won the coin toss and they won the last game. They should keep their shirts.
Try and win this time and you can switch next game, 
You play a match the same team shirtless as before.
Its a close game but Charlotte's team wins again.
Good game girls, we'll have another practice match again soon after a few more training sessions.
That is fair enough April. Charlotte's team can take their tops off this time around.
No way! We won the coin toss and we won the last game. They should be shirtless again.
Fine Charlotte. Have it you way for now. We'll keep things as they are.
You play a match the same team shirtless as before.