Now if you would all open up the agenda I have prepared then we can be begin.
At meetings of the school board you will now be able to propose changes to the school's rules.
Each change to the rules has a requirement in terms of {color=ffd700}Influence{/color} and {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color}.
{color=ffd700}Influence{/color} is required to convince your colleagues that the changes are necessary.
If {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} is not high enough then the girls will not submit to the rules.
If you meet the requirements click on the vote button to change the rule.
Additional rule changes will become available as the game progresses.
Good morning everyone. Let's open up the agenda and get this meeting underway.
Thank you everyone for another productive meeting. We will review the current school policies again next week.
If no one has any objections I would like to reopen the lake area for staff and students.
The previous headmaster closed the lake for good reason. It was far too much of a distraction for the students.
The girls seemed to prefer lounging around in bikinis rather than studying.
Hmmm... I see your concern Ruth. However, it seems like such as waste to deny the girls access to such a beautiful area.
As long as discipline is high enough I don't see the problem. The girls will still be studying.
This is your decision alone Mr [surname] but I would advise against it.
Opening the lake will be a distraction for the girls. If discipline is less than 20 then grades will fall one per day. Are you sure you wish to proceed?
Your concerns are duly noted Ruth but I think I shall reopen the lake regardless.
Now lets move on to other business.
Hmmmm... Perhaps you are right Ruth. We wouldn't want to distract the girls from their studies.
We shall leave it closed for now. OK, lets move on to other business.
If no one has any objections I would like to close the lake area for staff and students.
Finally a sensible suggestion. The previous headmaster closed the lake for good reason.
Yes well. It seems in this one instance he was right.
I have noticed when the girls are being punished that many of them do not wear regulation underwear.
The girls believe that they can get away with breaking the rules if no one finds out.
This kind of thinking must be stopped. I would therefore like to introduce a stricter uniform policy.
I propose that from now on girls must lift their skirts on demand to prove that they are wearing regulation underwear.
That way they will learn that they cannot secretly break the rules and expect to get away with it.
As I learned in the army a strict uniform policy is essential for discipline. We should really clamp down on this behaviour.
I agree.
You expect the girls to just raise their skirts whenever you ask?
Of course, how else are we going to know if they are obeying the rules?
Lets take a vote on it shall we?
It seems like a majority is in favour.
Humph, I can't believe this!
It's been voted for, fair and square Ruth.
Samantha, please record the rule change in the minutes.
Yes Mr [surname]
Now, let us move on to the next item on the agenda.
In order to get Priti's password I just need to think of a convincing reason to have her use my computer.
I'll then come up with an excuse to leave the room. She's an eighteen year old girl so hopefully she won't be able to resist checking her messages.
The keylogger program Miss Chang installed on my computer will record her keystrokes and I'll have her login details. Hopefully she'll have some juicy photos on there to keep the old man happy.
{i}Over Speaker{/i} - Priti Amin. Please report to the headmaster's office.
A few minutes later
Hello Headmaster. You wanted to see me?
I hope I haven't done something wrong?
Don't worry Priti you're not in any trouble.
Oh, thank heavens!
I was worried you were going to punish me. I heard that punished girls have to take off all their clothes!
I could never do that in front of a man! That would be so... Indecent!