But sir...
The next words out of you mouth had better be 'I'm sorry I broke your expensive vase and I deserve a bare bottom spanking.'
Otherwise I will fire you, and you will still need to pay me back for the vase.
I'm sorry I broke your expensive vase and I deserve a bare bottom spanking.
Good. Then let's begin.
Owww! Sir, please stop. That hurts.
Stop? No, no, no. Those cheeks aren't nearly red enough. A little longer I think.
There, that's a nice shade of pink. I can stop now whenever I'm ready.
Hmmmm... Those cheeks aren't nearly ready enough yet. A little more I think.
OK Lucy, I think you've learnt your lesson. You can stand back up now.
I shall forget about the cost of the vase and you may continue working for me.
Um, thanks...
Can I have my knickers back sir?
Not yet, your punishment is not yet complete. You are to go stand in the corner and think about what you've done.
Keep your skirt raised up.
My skirt raised? But why?
The shame you feel from having your red bottom exposed will help you to remember the important lesson I have given you today.
Should I clean up the broken vase first?
I'd better not let her clean it up, otherwise she might notice it says Ikea on it.
No, I shall clean this mess. You've done enough damage for today. Now go stand in the corner and keep that skirt up.
Yes sir.
You make Lucy stand in the corner for the next half an hour with her red bottom on display.
OK Lucy, I think you've stood there long enough. You can have you knickers back now.
Um, so can I get paid then?
Lucy seems pretty upset about her spanking and I don't want her to stop coming here. Perhaps I should give her a tip for her hard work.
You did well today Lucy. You made a mistake by breaking the vase but you took your punishment admirably.
I have generally been very impressed with your work ethic and positive attitude over recent weeks.
I don't want you to leave here today feeling like I am angry with you. As such, I would like to give you a tip for good service.
A tip? How much sir?
Oh...
Here, 60 credits in total. Don't spend it all at once.
Right.... yeah... I'll be off then. Bye.
Hmmm... she still seemed quite upset. I hope she comes back next week.
Here is you usual 50 plus and extra 50 tip. So 100 credits in total.
Thank you sir, that's very generous of you!
I'm really sorry about the vase and I'll see you next week.
No problem Lucy. All is forgiven. See you next week.
Here is your usual 50 plus a 100 credit tip. So 150 credits total.
Really!? Oh wow. Thank you.
That's almost worth getting spanked for.
Well you have been doing a really good job for me here.
You made a mistake but you took your punishment well and I think you've learnt your lesson.
Yes sir. Thank you. Sorry again about the vase. I'll see you next week then.
Good morning Mr [surname], I'm here to clean your flat again.
Excellent. Come inside.
Please put on your uniform Lucy. I shall be in the living room reading the paper.
Yes Mr [surname].
Ah, another relaxing Saturday morning with all my chores taken care of.
What should I do now? I think I shall have a hearty breakfast.
Oh Lucy.