Headmaster.
The head of the languages department Miss Claire Potts.
Hello.
Head of the sports department Miss Sally Newman.
Good morning sir.
And of course...
Ruth.
That's Government inspector Ruth Thomas!
Please record that correctly in the minutes Samantha.
Erm right...
Now as you are all aware levels of discipline amongst the students is seriously low.
The girls are not studying after lessons and grades are falling.
I will not take the approach of the last headmaster and simply continue with the status quo and hope for the best.
We must take action if this school is to be a success.
The future of these young women is in our hands. They have all failed at their previous schools and this is their last chance to live successful lives.
We must do whatever it takes to ensure that they get a decent education.
With that in mind I have prepared an agenda for discussions at these meetings.
This includes a number of proposed changes to the school's rules which I hope will improve discipline.
However, my power to implement these changes is limited. This school was not founded as a dictatorship.
The government has insisted that our experimental institution should be run as a democracy.
It's is therefore up to all of you to vote on my proposals.
As the heads of department each of you has an equal vote...
Headmaster.
Yes, Miss Chang.
I have a question.
Yes?
Science, Mathematics and Languages. I see the merit in such important realms of academia.
But sport, really? Why does she have an equal vote on the board?
Hey! Physical education is just as important.
Ha! Don't make me laugh.
I have a doctorate in biochemical engineering amongst numerous other accolades.
What are your qualifications I wonder? Hard abs and big tits?
How dare you!
Miss Chang please! There is no need for this rudeness.
Rudeness? I find it the height of rudeness for someone as esteemed as myself being placed on equal footing with this...
Amazonian.
You watch your mouth. Maybe I should put you over my knee.
Bluuuphh...
Ha! Threats of violence? I would expect nothing less from an ignoramus such as yourself.
Better an ignoramus than a criminal!
Excuse me?
That's right, I know who you are 'Miss Chang'. We've met before although you clearly don't remember me.
Why would I?
Erm... Should I be writing this down in the minutes Mr [surname]?
No Samantha.
Listen, both of you. Miss Newman is on the school board and that is the end of the matter.
We are not here to argue about our own personal grievances, whatever they may be.
We are here to ensure the girls get the education they deserve.
Running a tight ship I see.
Look everybody please calm down.