You know what Alice? Big boobs have their own problems.
Nah. They are great.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Well, I think a little demonstration is in order.
Alice, remove your bra.
What?!
We'll see how great it is having big boobs while you have to play sports.
I can't do that!
This will be a valuable lesson for you. Big boobs can be a hindrance.
Perhaps you won't be so inclined to make fun of small boobs after you've had to run around with those heavy things bouncing all over the place.
That's not fair sir.
And neither is your treatment of Rachel.
It is you holding up the game now Alice. Do you want to spend the evening in my office being punished?
No.
Fine. I'll take it off.
There, are you happy now sir?
Yes. Why wouldn't I be? A cute pair of little boobs and an impressive set of melons.
Yeah but mine are clearly better though, right sir?
Hmmm... I should answer carefully here. Perhaps this is my chance to make Rachel feel a little better about her body. This could be the first step towards helping her overcome her confidence issues.
Of course they are sir.
Right, we've wasted enough time. Let us begin the game.
Hmmm... Hopefully I haven't made things worse for Rachel.
I can't run around with these things bouncing around!
You will have to I'm afraid.
But I can't.
To give you some motivation Alice, if your team loses you must be completely topless for the remainder of sports matches this term.
What! That's not fair!
You don't like it then you need to get out there and win.
Fuck.
Yes!
Rubbish! How could you prefer those pathetic things to..
These puppies.
Not all men are slaves to their animalistic attraction to large breasts.
I think you'll find a lot of men prefer more slender women.
Huh, whatever.
Right, we've wasted enough time. Let us begin the game.
I can't run around like this.
You will have to I'm afraid.
But I can't.
To give you some motivation Alice, if your team loses you must be completely topless for the remainder of sports training this term.
What! That's not fair!
You don't like it then you need to get out there and win.
Fuck.
You do?!
Yes, cute and perky or big and bouncy. Both have their appeal.
Huh, whatever. Mine are clearly better.
I actually think that both you and Rachel have equally attractive breasts.
Wow!
Right, we've wasted enough time. Let us begin the game.