You called for me sir.
You arrive at your classroom to find all the girls sitting quietly.
Even Debbie seems to be quietly doing her work.
Hmmm... Debbie's behaviour in class is certainly improving. I should keep an eye out from her when patrolling the school's grounds as well.
You complete your lesson without interruption. {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} +2.
You arrive to your classroom to find all the girls sitting quietly.
Good morning class. Before we start the class the nurse is here to talk to you and hand out some leaflets.
Hello everyone, I'm here today to talk to you about healthy eating and I have some leaflets to hand out.
The nurse gives an excellent talk before handing out some leaflets.
OK has everyone got a leaflet now? Cassandra?
Yeah, I got one.
Does anyone have any questions?
Yes Nurse Kate, I had a question.
What is it dear?
It's about what it says here in the leaflet.
OK dear, let me see what it says.
It says that if you're this tall and weigh this much then you're underweight.
That's true Charlotte but that's based on your BMI. It's more complicated than that in reality.
Grrr... No Debbie...
Your BMI or body mass index is quite generic and doesn't take into account a lot of factors.
Such as?
Well, it doesn't factor in how muscular you are, or if you're very tall for example.
You're also quite young Charlotte so it's quite normal for your BMI to be below what's considered...
Ooooooh!
Hehe! So big.
Debbie Harris!
Sorry. I couldn't help myself!
Come on now Debbie, I expect better behaviour than that from my Prefect.
Sorry sir.
Debbie's behaviour has been getting better but she clearly still has room for improvement.
See me in my office after school Debbie.
Shit...
The class settles down and you continue your lesson without further interruption. {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} +1.
You spend the period teaching a history class. All the girls seem to be behaving themselves.
Even Debbie seems to be quietly doing her work.
Debbie's behaviour has certainly improved. She'll make a mistake eventually though and I'll have her back in my office soon.
In the mean time I need to convince the school board to allow me to confiscate her underwear.
You complete your lesson without interruption. {color=#51ae69}Grades{/color} +2.
OK class that's all the time we have for today. You can all go now or feel free to stay here and get some of your homework done.
I'll be here doing some marking if anyone has any questions for me.
What you reading Debbie?
Go away Donna.
I didn't know you could read. So is it a picture book?
I'm not listening. Go away.
Hey, I'm just making conversation.
I'm trying to do my homework. Leave me alone.
So I heard you grew up in a trailer park, is that true?
No.
I heard that your father lives on benefits and has never worked a day in his life.
That's not true.