I can't run around with...
These things bouncing around.
You will have to I'm afraid.
But I can't!
To give you some motivation Alice, if your team loses you must be completely topless for the remainder of sports training this term.
What! That's not fair!
You don't like it then you need to get out there and win.
Fuck.
Both teams play their hardest.
Alice is a hindrance to the team as she struggles to run up and down the field with her heavy breasts exposed.
Rachel on the other hand puts in an excellent performance and seems to play with a new found confidence.
Rachel also seems to be playing poorly, too busy covering her chest to make much of a contribution.
The game ends with Charlotte's team losing.
Wow, the change in Rachel's confidence was dramatic when I said I liked preferred her boobs to Alice's.
Wow, the change in Rachel's confidence was dramatic when I said I liked her boobs as much as Alice's.
This proves what I have been suspecting, that Rachel's confidence issues stem from feelings of inadequacy compared to other girls.
I think she might be ready to open up to me about her body issues now and I think I should be able to help her.
My next step will be getting her to take her top off again when we are alone in my office.
If I sentence her to a public punishment I can have her change into the punishment t-shirt in front of me. Then I can compliment her breasts and try to improve her confidence.
Perhaps I should introduce a rule requiring the girls to wear a punishment outfit when cleaning the school's grounds then insist that they change in my office.
Poor Rachel seems very upset. I think I may have messed up if I want to help her.
Perhaps I can still redeem the situation. If I can find a way to get her to take her top off when we are alone in my office maybe I can convince her I do like her breasts.
If I sentence her to a public punishment I can have her change into the punishment t-shirt in front of me. Then I can compliment her breasts and try to improve her confidence.
Perhaps I should introduce a rule requiring the girls to wear a punishment outfit when cleaning the school's grounds then insist that they change in my office.
Well then, I guess that Alice must be topless for the remaining games this term. Her team will need remain as skins.
No way! That's so unfair.
Tough. Perhaps this will help to remind you not to be so full of yourself simply because you have large breasts.
Humpf...
You spend Saturday morning catching up with your chores.
How the hell does this damn machine work and why are all the buttons in Japanese!
I really need to find myself a maid. Maybe one of the students might need some extra money.
Lucy doesn't turn up to your house today. She must be very upset with you.
God damn it. I hate cleaning myself!
I need to track Lucy down and apologise to her.
Good morning Mr [surname], I'm here to clean your flat.
Ah Lucy, I've been expecting you, come on in.
So Lucy, I see you are wearing your casual clothes.
Well, yes sir. We don't have to wear our uniforms at the weekend.
I understand. However, normally I expect anyone working for me to be smartly dressed. Even my maid.
Oh, I'm sorry. What should I be wearing?
Actually it's fine for you to wear your own clothes.
OK. I'll start cleaning now then. What would you like me to do first.
You can start by doing the washing up, then the laundry then clean the floors.
OK sir, I'll get right on it.
Lucy cleans your flat while you put your feet up and take a well deserved rest.
All finished sir. Can I get paid now please?
Sure. Here's 30 as promised.
Thank you sir. I'll see you next week.
Really sir? Why does it matter what I'm wearing while I'm cleaning?
You are in my employment you should be smartly dressed.