You might have a bit of a wait I'm afraid but we'll get there eventually.
I understand. These things take a lot of work. See you later Claire.
Hi Rachel. I love your outfit.
Thanks! I'm Artemis goddess of the hunt, the moon and wild animals.
Very good. If I remember my mythology correctly she was also the goddess of chastity and virginity.
Oh, is that right...
Oh yes, Artemis was fiercely protective of her virginity.
I didn't know that...
Well I must say, you look very heroic.
Thank you sir. Will you take some pictures of me with my phone to show my online gaming friends?
Sure thing Rachel. Why don't you jump up on stage and give me a heroic pose?
Great idea.
How's this?
Very good. Maybe try posing with the bow.
How about this?
Oh that's excellent.
Careful though, you might fall.
Oh no!
Don't worry, I've got you.
Are you OK Rachel?
Oh gosh. That was scary. I'm fine though, thanks to you sir.
Don't mention it. Here let me put you back up on stage.
Thank you sir.
No problem and here's your phone back. Those are some great pictures.
Great, I can't wait to show my friends.
Well, things seem to be progressing nicely.
Miss Chang seems pleased with her new equipment and her new assistant.
As long as I keep letting her perform experiments then hopefully she will provide me with the support I need.
Charles was happy with the photos I obtained from Priti's email accounts.
I do feel sorry for the girl though. Maybe there will be a way I can refuse his requests in the future.
Claire is getting more confident at controlling her class.
She's still not ready to start spanking the girls herself yet though. I will need to give her some more hands on training first.
My next main priority must be to speak to Sally and convince her to start implementing my more advanced methods with the girls.
Yawn.
Time to get some sleep.
So Sarah I understand your grades are getting much better and that you have been well behaved in class recently.
Yes sir. Thank you sir.
The improvement in your behaviour in recent weeks has been dramatic.
I'm glad to see that I am taking the right approach to your behavioural therapy.
However, I see that you only received a C on your last paper?
Oh, erm. Well that's still a passing grade though right?
A passing grade?! Is that the standard you have set for yourself?
You want to apply for university but you will settle for a C grade?
What did I say would happen if you got less than a B in your next paper?
That I would be punished...
Indeed I did. You know what that means.
Yes sir.
Well then. Let's not waste any more time. You know the drill by now.
Remove your clothes.
Yes sir.