No, I'm afraid that I have no choice.
Ooooffff.
This will be easier for you if you relax Sarah.
Urrggg... It hurts.
I'm barely even in yet.
Arrrrrghh...
A little bit further I think.
Oooooohh...
At this again Mr [surname]?
Ruth, what the hell?!
Oh. I'm dreaming again.
Yes you are.
Well fuck you. I can't even dream about pleasant memories without you interfering.
Pleasant memories?
Of course. I'm helping set a young woman on the straight and narrow path.
What could be a better feeling?
Your power of self denial is quite astonishing Mr [surname].
Look. Just go away will you Ruth?
You're not content to ruin my waking hours you wish to ruin my dreams as well?
Oh but I'm not Ruth.
Well who the hell are you then?
You call yourself an expert in psychology. You tell me?
Hmmm... Well if this is a dream then that means you must be part of my own subconscious.
Bravo. You've worked it out.
Indeed I am the part of your subconscious. One which you have buried deep.
The part of you which knows what you are doing is wrong but you chose to ignore.
I am your conscience.
Bullshit!
You're not my conscience. My conscience is clear. I know what I'm doing is right.
You're my self doubt! Trying to dissuade me from my path.
Look at what you're doing! You're fucking that girl...
Yes I am but it's for the greater good.
If I remember correctly this is the last time I had to punish Sarah.
She got straight A's after this. The next time I saw her was after she was offered a place at university.
She came to my office to thank me.
And that proves your method works beyond all doubt. There can be no other reasons?
I think the evidence is quite compelling.
Ad hoc ergo propter hoc. Correlation does not necessarily equal causation.
Don't quote Latin at me while I'm having sex! Look, I've had enough of this. Get the fuck out of my office.
Oh but Mr [surname], we are not in your...
Oh no. You're not pulling this shit again!
If this is my dream then I'm in control.
Begone self doubt or whatever part of my mind your are.
You win for now Mr [surname], but you cannot bury me forever.
One day you will have to face the consequences of your actions.
Thank god she's gone.
Thank God who's gone sir?
Quiet Sarah, I need to finish quickly before my alarm goes off again.
What?
Never you mind. I'm just going to have to fuck you very hard now.