Yes sir. I'll call you when it's ready.
I've filled up the tub for you. I'll just get some towels.
No problem. I'll wait for you.
Several minutes later.
Where the hell is Lucy? Has she forgotten the towels?
The water is going to get to cold if I wait much longer.
Well, I'm not waiting around for the water to get cold. I'm getting in the bath.
Sorry that took me so long, I had some trouble finding a clean towel.
Lucy! Don't you know to knock when entering a bathroom.
Oh my god sir, I'm so sorry I didn't know you were changing.
I'll just drop the towels here leave you to your bath.
You enjoy a relaxing bath and then head back downstairs.
Ah Lucy, what kept you?
Eeeek!
Lucy! I asked for fresh towels ten minutes ago. Where have you been?
You're... you're naked!
Yes, well you didn't expect me to wait for the water to get cold, did you? What took you so long?
The towels were in the dryer, I had to wait for it to finish.
Hmmm... well, better late than never.
Just place them down here please.
Down there sir?
Yes, down here at the end of the bath. Where else would I want them?
Um, yes sir.
What is the matter with you girl?
Haven't you ever seen a naked man before?
Yes... I mean... No, not really. Not a grown man like you.
I've seen boys naked but you're much... Bigger.
The naked male form is nothing to be frightened of young lady.
You may go now Lucy.
Yes sir. Sorry sir.
You enjoy a relaxing bath and then head back downstairs.
Sorry that took me so long, I had some trouble finding a clean towel.
That's OK Lucy, thanks for bringing them up for me.
No problem. I'll leave you to your bath.
You enjoy a relaxing bath and then head back downstairs.
Hello sir. I'm all finished cleaning now. I'm really sorry about walking in on you. I thought you'd wait for me to get back with the towels.
Yes well, no harm done. I suppose you'll be wanting your pay?
Yes please sir.
Here you are. You payment for cleaning plus your bonus for dressing appropriately.
Thank you sir. I'll be off now then, see you next week.
Good morning Mr [surname], I'm here to clean your flat again.
Excellent. Come inside.
Please get changed into your maid uniform.
Yes sir. Is there anything in particular that needs doing today?
Yes, I have noticed that the shelves in the living room are rather dusty at the moment.
I believe there is a feather duster in one of the drawers somewhere.
No problem. I'll take care of it.
You sit and enjoy your morning coffee while Lucy dusts the shelves for you.
Please make sure to get all the shelves Lucy, even the high ones.
Yes sir. It's a little hard to reach up to the top though...