Where is that assignment? I can't turn up to class without it.
My locker is such a mess.
Ah ha! Got it.
Oh shit. What's the time? I'm going to be late for class again.
I'd better run fast.
Amy, are you OK?
Yes sir.
What are doing running through the halls?
Oh, well I didn't want to be late for class.
Please be more careful Amy. Let's get you up off the floor.
Thank you sir.
Now get going and promise not to run through the halls in the future.
Yes sir. Thank you sir.
Amy was grateful you didn't punish her for being late. {color=#545dbd}Popularity{/color} +1.
Not only are you late for class Amy but you are running in the halls.
Sorry sir.
I'm afraid you must be punished for this behaviour.
Report to my office after school.
Yes sir.
I'd better tackle some of his paperwork.
Knock knock.
Ah, Lucy Fletcher isn't it? How may I be of service to you young lady?
Err... well sir, I have a bit of a problem.
Yes, what seems to be the trouble?
Well, I err...
Yes.
It's nothing sir. I'm sorry to bother you...
I wonder what that was all about. I guess the girls don't know me well enough to trust yet. I'm sure she'll be back later though.
Anyway, back to the paperwork.
Yes sir, you seem like a nice person. I think I can talk to you.
My problem is I don't have enough money.
No money? What do you need money for? Your tuition is free and your food is provided for you.
Yes but we still need money for other things like toiletries and clothes.
The other girls receive an allowance from their parents but I never get one.
Why is that?
My mom left when I was young and my dad is an awful drunk.
I don't know if he forgets to send me money or if he just doesn't care enough to bother.
That is a sad situation young lady.
With parents such as those it is no wonder you ended up failing at your previous school.
I will of course provide you with any essential items you need.
Provide me with a list and I shall have my secretary purchase the items with school funds.
That's very kind of you sir but what I really want is a job.
I want to be able to save money for after school so I don't have to move back home.
I was hoping I could find a Saturday job in the town but there doesn't seem to be anything available.
I was wondering if you had any work I could do?
Actually I do need someone to help me with chores around the house.
Would you be willing to work as my maid?
A maid? I was hoping for something that pays a little better.
This is all I have available. I will pay you 30 credits each Saturday morning to clean my house.
I believe that this is more than generous. You can take it or leave it.