He has that big lesbian Miss Newman grope us with her massive hands.
I think you should know what that feels like too.
Wait no.
I bet you like it though don't you?
No!
You're getting off on this I bet.
Debbie please, you've made your point. Just let me go now.
Oh no, I'm still not finished. How about I stick a finger in for good measure?
Uhhhh!!!
Err... Debbie?
What?!
I thought we were just going to spank her. Don't you think you're going a bit far?
No, she needs to learn who's boss.
It's a shame Debbie is still so wild. She could be useful in keeping the other girls in line.
Perhaps in time and after more sessions in my office I will be able to put her to good use.
For now though I should probably intervene.
Debbie is not an experienced practitioner of my methods and risks causing emotional distress.
You can't just jump straight in with fingering. You need to gradually desensitise girls to these things and break down their psychological defences.
Time to put an end to Debbie's fun.
Stop that right now Debbie!
Headmaster!
Get your hand out from between her legs this minute.
Err... We were just...
Sexually assaulting Maxine?
No! We were just demonstrating how you punish the girls.
Maxine asked to see how it felt.
Don't lie to me Debbie.
Cassandra and April you will be spending the evening cleaning the school grounds.
Debbie report to my office after school, I'll decide what to do with you then. Now all three of you get the hell out of here.
Are you OK Maxine?
I'm OK sir. Can I just have my skirt back?
You know Maxine you shouldn't let the girls bully you like that.
Err yeah. My skirt though, could you pass it over?
If Debbie or her friends ever threaten you you should tell me or one of the other teachers.
Yeah... err...
I may be a tough disciplinarian but I am not heartless.
I genuinely want what is best for my students.
My skirt...
I'll be sure to punish Debbie very severely for this.
That's fine. Could you just...
I can tell you are in distress young lady. This must have been traumatic for you.
If you need something from me you only have to ask.
I just need...
You need to see the nurse? Of course. I'll escort you there right now.
My skirt.
There's no time for that Maxine, come on.
Grrrrr...
Looks like Sally is teaching an aerobics class. I should leave her to it.
Whilst walking the school grounds you hear Trixie chatting to a few of the girls.
So then I said to her, I don't care how much lube you've got there's no way you can fit that zucchini up your butt.