I see rumours are already spreading around the school about my punishments.
Sadly they are a little embellished.
Well there's no need for that now. I actually wanted to ask for your help with something.
Of course. Anything you need Headmaster!
You seem like a sweet young lady Priti.
Thank you sir.
Tell me, how did you end up at this school?
Well I got the train, same as everyone else sir.
No, I mean how did you end up at a school for badly behaved girls?
Oh. Well, I was expelled from my old school but I didn't actually do anything wrong.
I happened to see some girls spraying extremely rude graffiti about our school's headmaster.
I went to tell the headmaster that I'd seen them do it.
But when I got to his office the girls were already there.
They'd told him that I sprayed the rude graffiti.
He was really mad and expelled me there and then.
That sounds like a serious miscarriage of justice. Didn't you try to explain yourself?
I did but the girl who lied to him was his niece.
I tried to explain to my parents but they didn't believe me either.
Then that man Mr Mykock showed up and told them about this new school.
Hmmm... Interesting. So Mr Mykock came and invited you to this school personally?
Yes. He came with lots of legal documents for my parents to sign.
It was like I was being sold and my parents were more than happy to sign away custody of their shameful daughter.
So, three months later here I am.
This is a sad state of affairs.
So, do you believe that I'm innocent?
I think so but it doesn't matter. Former crimes are of no concern to me.
Only your behaviour from this point onwards.
Thank you sir! I promise to be hard-working and well behaved. I'll be the best student in the whole school. You'll never have to punish me!
Excellent. This is what I like to hear.
Priti seems like a model student. I'm starting to feel a little bad for tricking her.
I do need Charles' support though so I guess I have to do it for the greater good.
So you said you wanted my help with something?
Yes. I had heard you are good with computers.
You did? I'm not sure that's true...
I was wondering if you could help me set up a social media page for the school.
Oh, sure thing sir! I know all about social media.
Great, you'll have to show me how it all works.
No problem.
Please sit down at my computer and you can run me through it.
OK sir. Here first things first you have to set up an account like this...
Priti, I have to leave for a little while. Keep working on the page and I'll be back in a little while.
No problem sir.
Hopefully she won't be able to resist logging on to her email.
Ten minutes later.
Hi Priti, I'm back. How's it going?
Great. Everything is all set up. Want to take a look?
Yes please.
Wow. Priti, you've done a really good job!
No problem. I'm so happy I was able to help you.
Well, I've kept you from class long enough, you'd better get going before you fall behind.