I don't know.
You two are still talking?! Something you want to share with the class?
No sir.
Now as I was saying the start of the French Revolution is most commonly attributed to...
What happens when we have to stand up?
Quiet. We'll just have to wait for everyone else to leave and then...
Mary and Louise! You are still talking!
Sorry sir.
The two of you come and stand at the front of the class.
Err...
Talking is not permitted. Come to the front of the class.
I didn't say sit at the front of the class. I said stand. Leave your chairs where they are.
Yes sir.
You girls seem to be losing your clothes. Why is that I wonder?
We're sorry sir.
You can stand in the corner for the rest of the lesson. You can stay behind after class as well I want to talk to you two.
Now where was I? Ah yes, Napoleon...
Forty minutes later
OK class, that's all we have time for today. Don't forget to do your homework.
Everybody but the twins please leave the room.
Can I stay too?
Why?
I want to watch.
No Debbie, get out of here.
No fair...
So do you girls have anything to confess?
We're sorry we put glue on your chair headmaster.
Good. Since you apologized and this is your first offence I shall be lenient
But let this be a lesson to you two. I am not a man to be joked around with.
Your pranks will only ever get you in trouble.
Yes sir. Sorry sir.
Now you can spend the next hour writing lines on the board.
You will write 'I must not play tricks on the headmaster' one hundred times each.
I shall wait here until you are finished.
Yes sir.
The girls grudgingly respect you for turning the joke around on them but they won't be trying that again anytime soon. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +2.
Whilst patrolling to the halls you spot a group of girls heading into an empty classroom.
Just as I feared Maxine is meeting with the other students in secret.
She could be planning a protest against me.
I'll try to sneak closer and peek through the door.
I spoke to the headmaster but he wouldn't listen.
I don't think I can get him to stop.
You promised Maxine. We don't want to get any more spankings!
You're supposed to be student president. What is the point of you if the headmaster won't listen?!
I'm sorry Debbie, I did my best. Now please leave me alone.
Did you really try everything?
I argued our case as best I could. I thought the law was on our side. Now I'm not sure.
It seems like there is nothing we can do about our situation.
I suggest you all study hard and keep your heads down.
It's the only way to stop getting spanked.