I wouldn't allow those under your school skirt. Why would I let you wear them under your maid uniform?
Sorry sir. I don't normally wear these, I'm just a bit behind with my own washing.
Hmmmm... I guess I'll let it slide for now.
So can I go put some other clothes on please?
Yes, yes, of course. I'm afraid though that you will lose your bonus this week for dressing appropriately.
But sir, that's not fair! I dressed up like you asked. I didn't mean to get my uniform dirty.
Don't you have another dress I can wear?
No. I don't. Although I do have this rather fetching apron.
Apron?
Yes, here. I suppose I could let you keep your bonus but you'll have to finish the cleaning wearing this.
OK, I guess...
But those stripped blue underwear ruin the look. You'll need to take them off.
Take my knickers off?!
Your bonus is for being smartly dressed Lucy. How can I pay it to you if you are wearing those tacky undergarments?
But sir!
If you want your bonus you will have to remove them.
150 Credits.
Excuse me?
If you want me to clean you house in just an apron then I want 150 credits.
Fine. You drive a hard bargain Lucy but I can agree to that.
Great. I guess I'll take my knickers off then.
I can't believe I'm doing this...
OK I've taken them off now. I'll get back to work.
OK Lucy, I shall finish off my breakfast.
You sit and enjoy your breakfast while Lucy finishes her cleaning.
All finished sir. Can I get paid now please?
Yes. Very good job Lucy. Here is your money, 150 Credits. Not bad for a morning's work.
Yes sir. That's really going to help me once I graduate. Thank you so much.
No problem Lucy. I'll see you later.
150 Credits! I'm not paying that.
Well then if I'm not getting my bonus then I'll just go put my regular clothes back on.
Lucy, changes clothes and finished off the cleaning while you enjoy your nice breakfast.
So what would you like me to wear today sir?
Did you want me to wear the maid outfit?
Or maybe you'd like me to pay me 150 credits again and I'll just wear the apron?
Um... Or, I guess if you were to pay me 200 credits I'd clean your house topless.
Really?
I know you like looking at my body, sir. Let's not pretend otherwise. Your excuses for me taking my clothes off are pretty lame.
The truth is though, I kind of like it when you look at me. Plus the more money I can earn before school ends the better.
Hmmmm... 200 credits you say?
Yes sir.
Or maybe you'd enjoy seeing me clean topless again?
Sure thing, sir. I'll go get undressed.
Good morning everyone. It's good to finally see all the heads of departments here together.
We also have my PA Samantha here to take minutes.
Samantha please take note of attendance.
Yes Mr [surname].
We have the head of the science department Miss Susan Chang.
Good morning.
Head of the Maths department Mr Charles Wilson.