Who to pick...
Emily, why don't you come up to the front of the class?
Oh sir please... Why me again?
Come along Emily don't be shy.
Eeeek!
Now this is a valuable antique so hold it carefully with both hands. Don't drop it or you'll be in real trouble.
Yes sir.
Take it around the class and make sure everyone gets a good look.
Now this type of pistol was made for cavalry officers in the French legion.
It's usefulness in combat was fairly limited due to slow reloading times and poor accuracy.
I acquired this item from an antique store in the south of France. 
Erm, sir.
Charlotte?
Emily's got no knickers on.
Well observed young lady.
Yes Emily has fallen foul of one of our new school policies. She was wearing non-regulation underwear and so they were confiscated.
Gosh! You can do that?
I certainly can.
Emily's got no pubes either!
I do too! They are just really blonde so they are hard to see.
Yeah right Emily! You're as bald as a baby.
Am not!
No you're completely smooth.
Debbie! Stop it.
Don't drop that pistol Emily!
Do you shave or is it just like that?
Eeeeeek! Stop that's sensitive.
OK Debbie that's enough.
I think everyone's seen the pistol now. You can bring it back up the front to me.
Emily is deeply embarrassed that everyone saw her hairless pussy. The rest of the class learnt the importance of following the rules. Discipline +2.
Good morning class. Today we will be continuing our lesson on Napoleon.
I'll need a volunteer to come up the front of the class to write down some notes.
Emily. Why don't you come up to the front.
Oh, um. Can't you pick someone else sir? Because, you know... my skirt.
Up to the front of the class young lady.
Yes sir.
Haha!
Ow! Debbie!
Nice pants Emily.
Settle down girls. Emily was foolish enough to wear non-regulation underwear this morning.
Now she is learning the consequences of breaking the rules.
You make Emily spend the lesson at the front of the class. The girls learn about the importance of following the rules. {color=#ba1f1f}Discipline{/color} +1.
As you approach your classroom before the lesson you hear voices coming from inside. You decide to take a sneak peek through the door.
Oh, it's the twins. What are they doing in my classroom? I should try to listen in.
Come on Mary. It'll be funny.
That's what you said when we put laxatives in those brownies at our old school.
Look how that turned out!
How was I to know the teacher would have an allergic reaction? I mean it was still pretty funny.
Funny?! She had a seizure! She was in hospital for three weeks!
Well, maybe not that bit.