I was hoping we were passed the need for these sessions Sarah but again and again I find you in my office.
I'm sorry sir.
Clearly not sorry enough. I believe that once again we must escalate your punishment.
Not wearing any underwear Sarah?
No sir. You told me not to. You said it was a waste of time me wearing them because you have to take them off so often.
Ah yes, I did say that.
I bent down to pick a pen in class yesterday and everyone saw.
Now all the boys keep trying to take pictures up my skirt. It's really embarrassing.
I'm sure it is.
OK Sarah, time for your punishment. Let's have you up on the table this time.
Lay on your back, legs in the air.
On my back?
Yes.
As you wish sir.
Good. I am glad to see you are finally learning to obey orders without question.
Perhaps soon your training will be complete.
However, first it seems we must take things even further than we have before.
Erm... this is a really embarrassing position sir.
Good. I will be sure to make a note of that for future sessions.
So we shall begin as usual with a spanking before moving on with the next phase of your punishment.
Are you ready?
Um...
Then we shall begin.
OK Sarah. Do you want to guess what I going to do to you next?
Are you going to put something in my bottom?
Yes.
Are you going to put your finger up there again?
Yes but only to apply some lubricant to the target area. I was think of something a bit larger this time.
Oooooh.
Now Sarah I believe what I'm about to do will be quite painful for you.
However, you should know that I am doing it only to help improve your behaviour.
Whilst you are being punished I want you think about how lazy you have been and why you have gotten yourself into this situation.
Yes sir.
Now hold still...
Oh my goodness!
I'm going penetrate you now.
Erm... sir?
Yes Sarah?
Would you mind putting it in my pussy instead?
You're so big it's going to hurt me either way.
I started taking the pill so you don't have to worry about getting me pregnant.
OK Sarah. I will be merciful today.
Don't think I shall be letting you off so easily again.
Oh, thank you sir.
I am far too lenient with you young lady.
Oooooohh...!
Oh my gosh! Oooooohh. You're so big.
Oooooh sir...
No Sarah. You do not get to negotiate with me about your punishment.
I told you not to get less than a B on your paper and you let me down. You let yourself down.