Its a close game but Charlotte's team wins again.
No way! We won the coin toss and we won the last game. They should be shirtless again.
No Charlotte. Your team can take their tops this time around.
But sir.
Don't argue with me Charlotte. Now take off your shirt.
Yes sir.
When we win the match though then they have to be shirtless then next game right?
That sounds fair Charlotte.
Rachel, you still have your shirt on.
Oh, err sir.
What is it Rachel?
Can I switch teams please sir?
Of course not.
Please sir...
No. If I allow you to switch teams then I may as well let everybody switch teams.
Then we would be back exactly where we started.
But sir, I can't take off my top.
Why? No one else has had any trouble. Do you expect special treatment?
No sir. It's not that...
Well, come on girl. What's the hold up?
I'm not wearing a bra sir.
Why is that Rachel?
Well, I don't really need one.
Because she's got no boobs.
Alice, don't be rude!
It's just a fact sir. She's totally flat chested.
All the same you wouldn't want other people to talk about you that way would you?
Is this true though Rachel, is this why you're not wearing a bra?
I suppose so sir.
Well then If your breasts are too small to require a bra then you have nothing to cover up.
You don't see young girls at the beach worrying about such things.
But I'm not a little girl, I'm eighteen. I can't run around topless!
I'm afraid that we cannot delay today's game any further and we cannot allow you to be treated differently to the others.
But sir...
Do you want to be punished for spoiling today's game for everybody?
No sir.
Well then hurry and take your top off as the rest of your team has already done.
We are all waiting for you now.
Yes sir.
Great, now to observe her reaction.
Haha, look at those tiny things. You're such a baby.
Mine aren't much bigger.
Alice, I told you not to be rude!
But sir, that is pretty funny. We're the same age and look how much smaller her boobs are.
Oh you think this is funny do you?
Err yeah.
Just because you have large breasts you think it's OK to make fun of other girls?
Well, yeah. Kinda.
Hmmmm... Poor Rachel is definitely feeling very embarrassed right now but that doesn't necessarily confirm that her anxiety is due to envy of the other girls' bodies.
Perhaps I can do something to heighten that jealousy. I should make Alice take her bra off too. Alice is clearly very vain and not too bright. I don't think it will be too hard to convince her.