Good morning girls.
Girls" "Good morning Mr [surname].
Girls" "
So it has fallen to me to be your history teacher.
This term we shall be learning about the French Revolution.
Sir.
Yes April.
So do you have a degree in History?
Very good question April. Actually, my academic background is in psychology.
Fortunately, however, I am very well read in this area...
Sir.
Yes April?
So are you saying you've never actually taught history before?
Not precisely no.
Sir.
April?
So have you ever taught secondary school students before?
Well, most of my teaching experience is actually lecturing at universities or speaking at conferences.
So that's a no then?
Look April, exams these days are just about regurgitating facts.
If we work our way through the curriculum step by step, you pay attention and do your homework, then you should all pass easily.
Well I just think it's strange that this school is supposed to help us do better than we did at our old schools but our teacher isn't even a real teacher.
April is right, what are you, like, even doing here?
You're a complete waste of space.
You want to know what I'm doing here Cassandra?
Come to the front of the class and I'll show you.
Ha! Sure, whatever, we know the rules. You're not allowed to touch us.
Cassandra you are being disrespectful and disruptive.
The rules may currently restrict my ability to punish you myself but I'm still the one in control here.
I'm afraid Cassandra that I'm going to have to make an example of you.
Yeah? Like, how?
You'll find out shortly.
Knock knock
Come in.
You called for me sir?
Miss Newman. Impeccable timing as always.
Cassandra here has decided to disrupt the lesson.
The threat of being sent to my office is clearly not a sufficient deterrent.
I believe the girls need to see what happens there first hand.
Yes sir. I understand.
Cassandra. Bend over my desk.
What?!
I said bend over my desk.
No way.
If necessary I will have Miss Newman put you over her knee and spank you while you kick and scream like a little girl.
Would you like all your classmates to see that happen?
No!
Perhaps you wish to save yourself some dignity and bend over my desk while you still have the chance.
This is ridiculous.
The only ridiculous thing here is your behaviour.