It's a bit of a stretch.
Mind that vase Lucy.
Vase?
Eeeek!
Oh no!
Lucy! I told you to be careful.
I'm sorry sir. I hope that wasn't expensive?
Oh thank goodness. I'm sorry anyway, for breaking it.
That's OK Lucy, accidents happen. Let me help you clean it up.
No sir, it's fine. I'll clean it up, it's the least I can do. Thank you for being so understanding.
Lucy cleans up the broken vase and then finishes cleaning the rest of your apartment.
It wasn't expensive but it could have been. I should teach this young lady the importance of being careful with other people's property.
Oh no! I'm so sorry.
I'm afraid Lucy I'm going to have to deduct the cost from your pay.
Oh no!
In fact, it's going to take you several weeks working for free to pay this off.
Please sir, it was just an accident and I really need the money.
Your carelessness has caused me to lose a precious family heirloom. I'm supposed to just forget about it?
Please sir...
Hmmmm... I am a benevolent man and I don't want to see you in financial difficulty. I will allow you to keep your pay.
Oh, thank you sir.
But of course I cannot allow this to go unpunished.
Sir?
If I simply let you off the hook then you won't learn your lesson.
If you wish to continue working for me I need to know that this won't happen again.
I promise to be more careful.
That is not good enough. I'm going to have to give you a punishment to make sure you remember.
A punishment?!
Yes. I'm going to have to spank you.
Spank me?! But sir, I thought men weren't allowed to spank us?
At the school that would be the case. However, this is my home and I make the rules here.
Now come stand in front of me.
Mr [surname], this is really inappropriate. I'm not a little girl, you shouldn't spank me.
In my experience spankings are an effective punishment for women of all ages.
I'm really not comfortable with this.
I won't force you Lucy. If you wish you can simply leave. Without any pay, of course.
But I need the money! I'd do anything not to have to move back home after graduating. I've still not even saved enough money for a deposit on a flat, let alone rent.
Well then, lay yourself across my lap.
I guess I have to.
Good girl. Now, let's get this skirt out of the way.
Goodness...
I think we'll have these knickers down too.
Sir, you can't!
You think a little spanking over your underwear is a sufficient enough punishment for breaking my antique vase?
No, this is going to have to be a bare bottom spanking.
Please don't pull my knickers down! This going too far.
Too far? I think I'm letting you off rather lightly considering the financial and emotional distress you have caused me.
There.
Sir please, this is getting really inappropriate! Why do you need to pull my knickers down?
I'll need to see your cheeks turning red. How else will I know when you have been suitably punished?